README.md, before:

---
description: >-
  Gitcoin Passport is an identity aggregation dApp built on the Ceramic Network.
  Users can collect various identity attestations, called stamps, from web2 and
  web3 authenticators in one place.
---

# Gitcoin Passport

## Why did we make Gitcoin Passport?

Gitcoin Passport was designed to make sybil resistance easy. Many systems that aim to democratically decide outcomes, like Gitcoin Grants, assume each participant is a unique human. This makes them vulnerable to sybil attacks, where a bad actor creates a large number of pseudonymous identities to subvert the service’s reputation system and gain a disproportionate amount of influence. Sybil attacks undermine the legitimacy of blockchain-based democratic pluralistic processes. Credible identity verification and reputation mechanisms are essential to combat this.

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1Dm7FI2AdU" %}

Gitcoin Passport was built with the belief that private identity verification is a public good. We’re on a mission to become the leading, open-source identity verification protocol.&#x20;



## Who is Gitcoin Passport for?

### Internet Citizens&#x20;

Your history of participation in the offline world— such as your record of graduation from high school and college, driver’s license and other state-issued forms of ID, and employment with different companies— all combine to help you build your  reputation. Similarly, repeated verification of your identity on the internet— from social media sites like Twitter and Facebook to online verification tools like Bright ID and Proof of Humanity— should all combine to help you build your online reputation.

Passport lets you do that in one web app. Collect stamps by connecting your different accounts to help our algorithm calculate the cost of forging your identity. Then, connect your Passport with online dApps and communities to build trust without having to share personally identifiable information.&#x20;

### Projects

Digital democracy, play to earn games, and professional reputation tools are all examples of systems which assume one person = one account. Integrating Passport with your application will help you lower your surface area for Sybil attacks, and enable experimentation with new mechanisms for governance and accreditation.

### Communities&#x20;

Help your community credibly self-declare their membership in a trustless environment, prevent bad actors from interfering with your governance processes, and evaluate the trustworthiness of potential contributors. Passport allows you to customize the weight our algorithm gives to different stamps when calculating the cost of forging a citizen’s identity to your community’s needs. For example, a developer DAO can weigh a Github verification more highly.

## Get Involved&#x20;

### App Developers

Interested in integrating Passport into your dApp? Check out our **integration guide** to learn how to work with our SDK and join the #passport-builders channel in the Gitcoin Discord to connect with a like-minded community of developers.

You can also connect with like-minded builders passionate about sybil resistance by joining the [Passport Builders channel](https://discord.gg/gitcoin) in the Gitcoin Discord. Connect with the Gitcoin engineering team and the open-source community to get the support you need when building with Passport.&#x20;

### Identity Providers

If you’re an identity provider interested in integrating with Gitcoin Passport, check out **integrating a new stamp** to learn more.

### Scoring Providers

Gitcoin encourages a plurality of scoring mechanisms built on top of base Passport data. Interested in helping establish scoring mechanisms for identity providers, or building mechanisms that help build strong sybil resistance? Get started with the **scorer** section of our SDK.

Commit message:

GitBook: [#23] gary's Jan 9 changes - improve Build with Passport section

README.md, after:

---
description: >-
  Gitcoin Passport is an identity aggregation dApp built on the Ceramic Network.
  Users can collect various identity attestations, called stamps, from web2 and
  web3 authenticators in one place.
---

# Gitcoin Passport

## Why did we make Gitcoin Passport?

Gitcoin Passport was designed to make sybil resistance easy. Many systems that aim to democratically decide outcomes, like Gitcoin Grants, assume each participant is a unique human. This makes them vulnerable to sybil attacks, where a bad actor creates a large number of pseudonymous identities to subvert the service’s reputation system and gain a disproportionate amount of influence. Sybil attacks undermine the legitimacy of blockchain-based democratic pluralistic processes. Credible identity verification and reputation mechanisms are essential to combat this.

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1Dm7FI2AdU" %}

Gitcoin Passport was built with the belief that private identity verification is a public good. We’re on a mission to become the leading, open-source identity verification protocol.&#x20;



## Who is Gitcoin Passport for?

### Internet Citizens&#x20;

Your history of participation in the offline world— such as your record of graduation from high school and college, driver’s license and other state-issued forms of ID, and employment with different companies— all combine to help you build your  reputation. Similarly, repeated verification of your identity on the internet— from social media sites like Twitter and Facebook to online verification tools like Bright ID and Proof of Humanity— should all combine to help you build your online reputation.

Passport lets you do that in one web app. Collect stamps by connecting your different accounts to help our algorithm calculate the cost of forging your identity. Then, connect your Passport with online dApps and communities to build trust without having to share personally identifiable information.&#x20;

### Projects

Digital democracy, play to earn games, and professional reputation tools are all examples of systems which assume one person = one account. Integrating Passport with your application will help you lower your surface area for Sybil attacks, and enable experimentation with new mechanisms for governance and accreditation.

### Communities&#x20;

Help your community credibly self-declare their membership in a trustless environment, prevent bad actors from interfering with your governance processes, and evaluate the trustworthiness of potential contributors. Passport allows you to customize the weight our algorithm gives to different stamps when calculating the cost of forging a citizen’s identity to your community’s needs. For example, a developer DAO can weigh a Github verification more highly.

## Build with Passport

### Project Owners & App Developers

Interested in integrating Passport into your dApp? Check out our [**integration guide**](gitcoin-passport-sdk/integrating-passport-in-your-dapp.md) to learn how to work with our SDK and join our [**Telegram group dedicated to helping you integrate Passport**](https://t.me/+2ILnaexYeEI0MWUx).

You can also connect with like-minded builders passionate about sybil resistance by joining the [**Passport Builders channel**](https://discord.gg/gitcoin) **** in the Gitcoin Discord.

Both our Telegram and Discord channel will connect you with the Gitcoin Passport engineering team, who are happy to support you.

### Identity Providers

If you’re an identity provider (e.g. BrightID, POAP, Twitter) interested in integrating with Gitcoin Passport, check out [**integrating a new stamp**](gitcoin-passport-sdk/integrating-a-new-stamp.md) to learn more.

### Scoring Providers

Gitcoin encourages a plurality of scoring mechanisms built on top of base Passport data. Interested in helping establish scoring mechanisms for identity providers, or building mechanisms that help build strong sybil resistance? Get started with the **scorer** section of our SDK.
