pages/building-with-passport/model-based-detection/api-reference.mdx, before:

---
title: API reference
description: Reference documentation for the Model Based Detection API.
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# API Reference

The Model Based Detection API enables developers to retrieve the [model-based detection scores](available-models) that are based on Passport-grade supervised machine learning models, enabling you to score any EVM wallet address without requiring the users to create and build up a Passport score. 

This API is currently in beta. If you need a production-ready API, please use the [Stamp-based Passport API](../passport-api/overview).

You can also experiment with the Model Based Detection API using our [API playground tool](https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/passport/docs#/Passport%20Analysis/passport_api_get_analysis) and adding your API keys via the 'Authorize' button.

<Callout type="info">
Please note:

We have launched this endpoint using this base URL: `https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co`

However, we intend to make this data available via a different base URL in the future, as we migrate away from Gitcoin’s infrastructure: `https://api.passport.xyz`
</Callout>

## Rate limits

Requests to the model based detection endpoints are rate limited. You will be allowed to make a certain number of requests in a given time period depending on your access tier.
These rates are entirely separate from the Passport API rate limits. 

|Tier	|Rate limit|
|--|--|
|Tier 1 |	50 requests per 15 minutes, up to 4800 requests per day|
Tier 2	| 350 requests per 15 minutes, up to 33600 requests per day|
Tier 3	| 2000 requests per 15 minutes, up to 192000 requests per day|

## Retrieve Model Based Detection scores

* **Endpoint:** `GET /passport/analysis/{address}`
* **Base URL:** `https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co`
* **Authentication:** API Key – Can be the same API Key that is used with the other Passport API endpoints Parameters:
* **Path parameter:** `address` – Path parameter – **Required** – Single user address 
* **Example request:**

```bash
curl --request GET \
    --url 'https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/passport/analysis/{address}' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --header 'X-API-KEY: {API KEY}'
    ```

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "address": "string",
    "details": {
        "models": {
            "ethereum_activity": {
                "score": 50 
            }
        } 
    }
}
```

Commit message:

updated rate limit and added elevation form

pages/building-with-passport/model-based-detection/api-reference.mdx, after:

---
title: API reference
description: Reference documentation for the Model Based Detection API.
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# API Reference

The Model Based Detection API enables developers to retrieve the [model-based detection scores](available-models) that are based on Passport-grade supervised machine learning models, enabling you to score any EVM wallet address without requiring the users to create and build up a Passport score. 

This API is currently in beta. If you need a production-ready API, please use the [Stamp-based Passport API](../passport-api/overview).

You can also experiment with the Model Based Detection API using our [API playground tool](https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/passport/docs#/Passport%20Analysis/passport_api_get_analysis) and adding your API keys via the 'Authorize' button.

<Callout type="info">
Please note:

We have launched this endpoint using this base URL: `https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co`

However, we intend to make this data available via a different base URL in the future, as we migrate away from Gitcoin’s infrastructure: `https://api.passport.xyz`
</Callout>

## Rate limits

Requests to the Model Based Detection API are rate limited. You will be allowed to make a certain number of requests in a given time period depending on your access tier.
These rates are entirely separate from the Passport API rate limits. 

The default rate limit is Tier 1. If you would like an elevation to a higher tier, please fill out this form: [Rate Limit Elevation Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfL7U22f89lCl8RJXN8O9PGeZzaL1E1iX9mEhvIaMErR587WA/viewform?usp=sf_link)

|Tier	|Rate limit|
|--|--|
|Tier 1 | 15 requests per 15 minutes, up to 4800 requests per day|
|Tier 2	| 350 requests per 15 minutes, up to 33600 requests per day|
|Tier 3	| 2000 requests per 15 minutes, up to 192000 requests per day|

## Retrieve Model Based Detection scores

* **Endpoint:** `GET /passport/analysis/{address}`
* **Base URL:** `https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co`
* **Authentication:** API Key – Can be the same API Key that is used with the other Passport API endpoints Parameters:
* **Path parameter:** `address` – Path parameter – **Required** – Single user address 
* **Example request:**

```bash
curl --request GET \
    --url 'https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/passport/analysis/{address}' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --header 'X-API-KEY: {API KEY}'
    ```

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "address": "string",
    "details": {
        "models": {
            "ethereum_activity": {
                "score": 50 
            }
        } 
    }
}
```
