pages/building-with-passport/model-based-detection/getting-access.mdx, before:

---
title: Getting access to the MBD API
description: Explainer for how to get access to the MBD API.
---

# Getting Access: API Key

The Model Based Detection API provides programmatic access to variety of different model-based Sybil detection scores. 

Once you have your API key, you need to include it with each request you make to the API. This allows Passport XYZ to identify your app and verify that you are authorized to access the API.

### Getting Your API Key

1. **Log in to the developer portal:** Go to [developer.passport.xyz](https://developer.passport.xyz) and log in to your account by connecting your wallet.
2. **Navigate to the API Keys section:** After logging in, go to the "API Keys" section.
3. **Generate an API key:** Click on the "+ Create a Key" button to generate a unique API key for your account.
4. **Store your API key securely:** Store your API key in a secure place, as it will be used to access the MBD API as well as the Passport API.


### Next step

Review one of the following pages to learn how you can use your Scorer, Scorer ID, and API key.
- [Review the API Reference](api-reference)
- [Review the tutorial explaining how to use this score](tutorials/double-verification)

Commit message:

added note about using Unique Humanity Scorer and not Binary

pages/building-with-passport/model-based-detection/getting-access.mdx, after:

---
title: Getting access to the MBD API
description: Explainer for how to get access to the MBD API.
---
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Getting Access: API Key

The Model Based Detection API provides programmatic access to variety of different model-based Sybil detection scores. 

Once you have your API key, you need to include it with each request you make to the API. This allows Passport XYZ to identify your app and verify that you are authorized to access the API.

<Callout type="info">
Please note:<br /><br />You do not need a Scorer or Scorer ID to use the MBD API.
</Callout>

### Getting Your API Key

1. **Log in to the developer portal:** Go to [developer.passport.xyz](https://developer.passport.xyz) and log in to your account by connecting your wallet.
2. **Navigate to the API Keys section:** After logging in, go to the "API Keys" section.
3. **Generate an API key:** Click on the "+ Create a Key" button to generate a unique API key for your account.
4. **Store your API key securely:** Store your API key in a secure place, as it will be used to access the MBD API as well as the Passport API.


### Next step

Review one of the following pages to learn how you can use your API key with the Model Based Detection API.
- [Review the API Reference](api-reference)
- [Review the tutorial explaining how to use this score](tutorials/double-verification)
