pages/building-with-passport/stamps/major-concepts/credential-map-and-weights.mdx, before:

---
title: Credential Map and Weights
description: The Stamp-based verification system uses a set of Stamps and underlying weighted credentials to determine the score of a Passport.
---

# Credential Map and Weights

The Stamp-based verification system uses a set of Stamps and underlying weighted credentials to determine the score of a Passport.

## Stamps and credentials 

Each Stamp partner or concept has their own Stamp that users can see and interact with see in their Passport. Each Stamp can have one or multiple underlying weighted credentials, which represent an identity verification activity within the Stamp partner's ecosystem.

The weights assigned to each credential represent how strong of a human signal the underlying verification activity represents. The higher the point allocation to a credential, the better the human signal.

## Custom Passport

If you'd like to customize these credentials -- either remove them from your community's Passport or adjust the weights -- you can do so with [Custom Passport](/building-with-passport/stamps/custom-passport)

Custom Passport enables you to customize the Passport Stamp-based offering around your ecosystem's unique needs. Choose which credentials to include at which weights, and even create your own custom Stamps.

Learn more about [Custom Passport](/building-with-passport/stamps/custom-passport)


## Credential Map and Weights

The following table will help you understand how to map the different available credentials to their corresponding Stamps and weights. It is sorted based on the Stamp, orderred highest points to least. 

*These weights were last updated July 2025 -- See [Stamp Changelog](#stamp-changelog) for more details*

| Stamp        | Credential                                                   | Weight     |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| Binance      | BinanceBABT                                                  |     10.021 |
| Biometrics   | Biometrics                                                   |      5.000 |
| BrightID     | Brightid                                                     |      0.202 |
| Coinbase     | CoinbaseDualVerification                                     |      4.042 |
| Discord      | Discord                                                      |      0.516 |
| ENS          | Ens                                                          |      0.208 |
| ETH Activity | **total**                                                    |     22.541 |
|              | ETHScore#50                                                  |     16.021 |
|              | ETHScore#90                                                  |      2.926 |
|              | ETHScore#75                                                  |      2.399 |
|              | ETHDaysActive#50                                             |      0.207 |
|              | ETHGasSpent#0.25                                             |      0.778 |
|              | ETHnumTransactions#100                                       |      0.210 |
| Gitcoin      | **total**                                                    |      6.237 |
|              | GitcoinContributorStatistics#totalContributionAmountGte#1000 |      4.997 |
|              | GitcoinContributorStatistics#totalContributionAmountGte#100  |      1.017 |
|              | GitcoinContributorStatistics#totalContributionAmountGte#10   |      0.223 |
| GitHub       | **total**                                                    |      6.026 |
|              | githubContributionActivityGte#120                            |      2.259 |
|              | githubContributionActivityGte#60                             |      1.888 |
|              | githubContributionActivityGte#30                             |      1.879 |
| Google       | Google                                                       |      0.525 |
| Government ID | HolonymGovIdProvider                                        |     16.026 |
| Guild        | **total**                                                    |      0.708 |
|              | GuildAdmin                                                   |      0.468 |
|              | GuildPassportMember                                          |      0.240 |
| Idena        | **total**                                                    |      9.736 |
|              | IdenaState#Newbie                                            |      5.892 |
|              | IdenaState#Verified                                          |      1.924 |
|              | IdenaState#Human                                             |      1.921 |
| Identity Staking | **total**                                                |     12.506 |
|              | TrustedCitizen                                               |      4.009 |
|              | SelfStakingGold                                              |      2.700 |
|              | ExperiencedCommunityStaker                                   |      2.161 |
|              | SelfStakingSilver                                            |      2.066 |
|              | SelfStakingBronze                                            |      0.897 |
|              | BeginnerCommunityStaker                                      |      0.673 |
| Lens         | Lens                                                         |      0.230 |
| Linkedin     | Linkedin                                                     |      1.531 |
| NFT          | **total**                                                    |     22.053 |
|              | NFTScore#50                                                  |     16.246 |
|              | NFTScore#90                                                  |      2.413 |
|              | NFTScore#75                                                  |      2.362 |
|              | NFT                                                          |      1.032 |
| Phone Verification | HolonymPhone                                           |      1.521 |
| Proof of Clean Hands | CleanHands                                           |      1.000 |
| Safe         | GnosisSafe                                                   |      0.222 |
| Snapshot     | SnapshotProposalsProvider                                    |      0.239 |
| zkEmail      | **total**                                                    |      4.000 |
|              | ZKEmail#AmazonCasualPurchaser                                |      1.000 |
|              | ZKEmail#AmazonRegularCustomer                                |      0.600 |
|              | ZKEmail#AmazonHeavyUser                                      |      0.400 |
|              | ZKEmail#UberOccasionalRider                                  |      1.000 |
|              | ZKEmail#UberRegularRider                                     |      0.600 |
|              | ZKEmail#UberPowerUser                                        |      0.400 |


## Stamp Changelog

| Stamp        | Credential                                | Action                  | Date retired  | Details         |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------|-------------------------|---------------| ----------------|
| Coinbase     | CoinbaseDualVerification                  | Re-adding               | Coming soon   | We are re-adding the Coinbase Dual Verification Stamp, which was removed in February 2025, but with a reduced weight |
| zkEmail      | ZKEmail#AmazonCasualPurchaser, ZKEmail#AmazonRegularCustomer, ZKEmail#AmazonHeavyUser, ZKEmail#UberOccasionalRider, ZKEmail#UberRegularRider, ZKEmail#UberPowerUser8             | Added                   | Coming soon   | We are working on adding the zkEmail Stamp, which will be available in the coming weeks |
| Civic        | CivicUniquenessPass, CivicLivenessPass    | Removed                 | July 8, 2025  | Civic retired the Civic Pass product |
| Biometrics   | Biometrics                                | Added                   | July 3, 2025  | We introduced human.tech's biometrics verification to replace the Civic Pass biometrics Stamp |
| Civic        | CivicCaptchaPass                          | Removed                 | July 1, 2025  | Civic retired the Civic Pass product |
| Proof of Clean Hands | CleanHands                        | Added                   | May 1, 2025   | We added the human.tech Proof of Clean Hands Stamp, which checks KYC and sanctions lists for the given address |
| Coinbase     | CoinbaseDualVerification                  | Removed                 | Feb 15, 2025  | Increased fraud rates from Coinbase caused us to temporarily remove this Stamp |
| zkSync       | zkSyncWallet                              | Removed                 | Dec 18, 2024  | We incorporated the zkSync model into the aggregate model, which makes up the backend of the ETH Activity Stamp |
| Trusta       | trusta                                    | Removed                 | Dec 18, 2024  | Fraud rates associated to the Trusta stamp were increasing to levels that were not sustainable for the Passport ecosystem |
| ETH Activity | ETHScore#50, ETHScore#75, ETHScore#90     | Updated                 | Dec 18, 2024  | We rebuilt the back end of the ETH Activity Stamp to use our [aggregate model](/building-with-passport/models/available-models) as opposed to just the ETH L1 model |

Commit message:

Removed Lens and added coming soon to other new Stamps

pages/building-with-passport/stamps/major-concepts/credential-map-and-weights.mdx, after:

---
title: Credential Map and Weights
description: The Stamp-based verification system uses a set of Stamps and underlying weighted credentials to determine the score of a Passport.
---

# Credential Map and Weights

The Stamp-based verification system uses a set of Stamps and underlying weighted credentials to determine the score of a Passport.

## Stamps and credentials 

Each Stamp partner or concept has their own Stamp that users can see and interact with see in their Passport. Each Stamp can have one or multiple underlying weighted credentials, which represent an identity verification activity within the Stamp partner's ecosystem.

The weights assigned to each credential represent how strong of a human signal the underlying verification activity represents. The higher the point allocation to a credential, the better the human signal.

## Custom Passport

If you'd like to customize these credentials -- either remove them from your community's Passport or adjust the weights -- you can do so with [Custom Passport](/building-with-passport/stamps/custom-passport)

Custom Passport enables you to customize the Passport Stamp-based offering around your ecosystem's unique needs. Choose which credentials to include at which weights, and even create your own custom Stamps.

Learn more about [Custom Passport](/building-with-passport/stamps/custom-passport)


## Credential Map and Weights

The following table will help you understand how to map the different available credentials to their corresponding Stamps and weights. It is sorted based on the Stamp, orderred highest points to least. 

*These weights were last updated July 2025 -- See [Stamp Changelog](#stamp-changelog) for more details*

| Stamp        | Credential                                                   | Weight     |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| Binance      | BinanceBABT                                                  |     10.021 |
| Biometrics   | Biometrics                                                   |      5.000 |
| BrightID     | Brightid                                                     |      0.202 |
| Coinbase (coming soon)     | CoinbaseDualVerification                                     |      4.042 |
| Discord      | Discord                                                      |      0.516 |
| ENS          | Ens                                                          |      0.208 |
| ETH Activity | **total**                                                    |     22.541 |
|              | ETHScore#50                                                  |     16.021 |
|              | ETHScore#90                                                  |      2.926 |
|              | ETHScore#75                                                  |      2.399 |
|              | ETHDaysActive#50                                             |      0.207 |
|              | ETHGasSpent#0.25                                             |      0.778 |
|              | ETHnumTransactions#100                                       |      0.210 |
| Gitcoin      | **total**                                                    |      6.237 |
|              | GitcoinContributorStatistics#totalContributionAmountGte#1000 |      4.997 |
|              | GitcoinContributorStatistics#totalContributionAmountGte#100  |      1.017 |
|              | GitcoinContributorStatistics#totalContributionAmountGte#10   |      0.223 |
| GitHub       | **total**                                                    |      6.026 |
|              | githubContributionActivityGte#120                            |      2.259 |
|              | githubContributionActivityGte#60                             |      1.888 |
|              | githubContributionActivityGte#30                             |      1.879 |
| Google       | Google                                                       |      0.525 |
| Government ID | HolonymGovIdProvider                                        |     16.026 |
| Guild        | **total**                                                    |      0.708 |
|              | GuildAdmin                                                   |      0.468 |
|              | GuildPassportMember                                          |      0.240 |
| Idena        | **total**                                                    |      9.736 |
|              | IdenaState#Newbie                                            |      5.892 |
|              | IdenaState#Verified                                          |      1.924 |
|              | IdenaState#Human                                             |      1.921 |
| Identity Staking | **total**                                                |     12.506 |
|              | TrustedCitizen                                               |      4.009 |
|              | SelfStakingGold                                              |      2.700 |
|              | ExperiencedCommunityStaker                                   |      2.161 |
|              | SelfStakingSilver                                            |      2.066 |
|              | SelfStakingBronze                                            |      0.897 |
|              | BeginnerCommunityStaker                                      |      0.673 |
| Linkedin     | Linkedin                                                     |      1.531 |
| NFT          | **total**                                                    |     22.053 |
|              | NFTScore#50                                                  |     16.246 |
|              | NFTScore#90                                                  |      2.413 |
|              | NFTScore#75                                                  |      2.362 |
|              | NFT                                                          |      1.032 |
| Phone Verification | HolonymPhone                                           |      1.521 |
| Proof of Clean Hands | CleanHands                                           |      1.000 |
| Safe         | GnosisSafe                                                   |      0.222 |
| Snapshot     | SnapshotProposalsProvider                                    |      0.239 |
| zkEmail (coming soon)     | **total**                                                    |      4.000 |
|              | ZKEmail#AmazonCasualPurchaser                                |      1.000 |
|              | ZKEmail#AmazonRegularCustomer                                |      0.600 |
|              | ZKEmail#AmazonHeavyUser                                      |      0.400 |
|              | ZKEmail#UberOccasionalRider                                  |      1.000 |
|              | ZKEmail#UberRegularRider                                     |      0.600 |
|              | ZKEmail#UberPowerUser                                        |      0.400 |


## Stamp Changelog

| Stamp        | Credential                                | Action                  | Date retired  | Details         |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------|-------------------------|---------------| ----------------|
| Coinbase     | CoinbaseDualVerification                  | Re-adding               | Coming soon   | We are re-adding the Coinbase Dual Verification Stamp, which was removed in February 2025, but with a reduced weight |
| zkEmail      | ZKEmail#AmazonCasualPurchaser, ZKEmail#AmazonRegularCustomer, ZKEmail#AmazonHeavyUser, ZKEmail#UberOccasionalRider, ZKEmail#UberRegularRider, ZKEmail#UberPowerUser8             | Adding                  | Coming soon   | We are working on adding the zkEmail Stamp, which will be available in the coming weeks |
| Lens         | Lens                                      | Removed                 | August 7, 2025  | Lens protocol changed and the cost and effort to maintain the Lens Stamp was not sustainable for the Passport ecosystem |
| Civic        | CivicUniquenessPass, CivicLivenessPass    | Removed                 | July 8, 2025  | Civic retired the Civic Pass product |
| Biometrics   | Biometrics                                | Added                   | July 3, 2025  | We introduced human.tech's biometrics verification to replace the Civic Pass biometrics Stamp |
| Civic        | CivicCaptchaPass                          | Removed                 | July 1, 2025  | Civic retired the Civic Pass product |
| Proof of Clean Hands | CleanHands                        | Added                   | May 1, 2025   | We added the human.tech Proof of Clean Hands Stamp, which checks KYC and sanctions lists for the given address |
| Coinbase     | CoinbaseDualVerification                  | Removed                 | Feb 15, 2025  | Increased fraud rates from Coinbase caused us to temporarily remove this Stamp |
| zkSync       | zkSyncWallet                              | Removed                 | Dec 18, 2024  | We incorporated the zkSync model into the aggregate model, which makes up the backend of the ETH Activity Stamp |
| Trusta       | trusta                                    | Removed                 | Dec 18, 2024  | Fraud rates associated to the Trusta stamp were increasing to levels that were not sustainable for the Passport ecosystem |
| ETH Activity | ETHScore#50, ETHScore#75, ETHScore#90     | Updated                 | Dec 18, 2024  | We rebuilt the back end of the ETH Activity Stamp to use our [aggregate model](/building-with-passport/models/available-models) as opposed to just the ETH L1 model |
