pages/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: Stamps API v2 overview
description: General overview of the Stamps API v2
---
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Stamps API v2

The Stamps API serves as a powerful tool for developers, offering access to Passport's Stamp-based score metadata using REST endpoints.

## Why use the API

The API offers a simple integration; one that requires just two requests to submit and request user Human Passport data. This data is retrieved from the centralized Human Passport servers, meaning it is the most up-to-date data available for Human Passport users. 

### Example flow

An excellent [use case](/overview/use-cases) for Human Passport is to protect access to a reward or governance program. To make this happen, follow these steps:

1. [Creating a Passport Project/Scorer and API key](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/getting-access)
2. Retrieve a user's Passport score and Stamp data using the [GET /v2/stamps/\{scorer_id\}/score/\{address\}](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference#retrieve-latest-score-for-a-single-address) endpoint. 
3. Find the user's Unique Humanity Score or `passing_score` within the returned data. 
3. Compare the Unique Humanity Score against a [threshold](/building-with-passport/stamps/major-concepts/scoring-thresholds) that you set, or utilize the binary `passing_score` field that uses our recommended threshold of 20. 

If a user was able to build up a score greater than this threshold, they've effectively proven their humanity and you can grant access to the protected program. 

## Available endpoints

Stamps API v2 base URL: https://api.passport.xyz

| Endpoint action                                 | Endpoint                                    |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| [Retrieve latest score for a single address](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference#retrieve-latest-score-for-a-single-address) | `GET /v2/stamps/{scorer_id}/score/{address}` |
| [Retrieve historical score for a single address](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference#retrieve-historical-score-for-a-single-address) | `GET /v2/stamps/{scorer_id}/score/{address}/history`           |
| [Retrieve Stamps verified by a single address](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference#retrieve-stamps-verified-by-a-single-address) | `GET /v2/stamps/{address}`            |
| [Retrieve all Stamps available in Passport](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference#retrieve-all-stamps-available-in-passport) | `GET /registry/stamp-metadata`              |

Learn more about each of these endpoints on our [API Reference](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference) page, or experiment with them using our [API playground](https://api.passport.xyz/v2/docs) (requires [API key and Scorer/Project](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/getting-access)).

## Next steps

* [Set up an API key and Scorer/Project](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/getting-access)
* [Make your first API request](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/quick-start-guide)
* [Review the API Reference to get to know the available endpoints](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference)
* [Get support via our Telegram channel](https://t.me/+Mcp9RsRV7tVmYjZh)

Commit message:

Move Embed section to top-level alongside Stamps, Models, and Data Services
- Moved /building-with-passport/stamps/passport-embed/ to /building-with-passport/embed/
- Updated navigation in _meta.json files to show Embed at top level
- Updated homepage references and card links to new embed path
- Added comprehensive redirects in next.config.js to ensure old URLs redirect properly
- All old /stamps/passport-embed/* URLs now redirect to /embed/*

pages/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: Stamps API v2 overview
description: General overview of the Stamps API v2
---
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Stamps API v2

Passport Stamps is an aggregate, real-time verification tool that can enable users to prove their unique humanity using a variety of different verification methods, and for developers to access these humanity proofs via the Stamps API or [smart contracts](/building-with-passport/stamps/smart-contracts).

Users can prove their humanity using Passport Stamps by visiting the [Passport App](https://app.passport.xyz) and completing a verification flow, or by using the [Passport Embed](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-embed) widget on a partner website or dApp.

## Why use the API

The Stamps API offers a simple integration; one that requires just one request to receive users' Stamp-based Unique Humanity Score and associated metadata. This data is retrieved from the centralized Human Passport servers, meaning it is the most up-to-date data available for Human Passport users. 

All Passport Stamps user data can be accessed via the Stamps API, whereas only a portion of users' have minted their Passport onchain, making it available via our [smart contracts](/building-with-passport/stamps/smart-contracts).

### Example flow

An excellent [use case](/overview/use-cases) for Human Passport is to protect access to a reward or governance program. To make this happen, follow these steps:

1. [Creating a Passport Project/Scorer and API key](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/getting-access)
2. Retrieve a user's Passport score and Stamp data using the [GET /v2/stamps/\{scorer_id\}/score/\{address\}](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference#retrieve-latest-score-for-a-single-address) endpoint. 
3. Find the user's Unique Humanity Score or `passing_score` within the returned data. 
3. Compare the Unique Humanity Score against a [threshold](/building-with-passport/stamps/major-concepts/scoring-thresholds) that you set, or utilize the binary `passing_score` field that uses our recommended threshold of 20. 

If a user was able to build up a score greater than this threshold, they've effectively proven their humanity and you can grant access to the protected program. 

## Available endpoints

Stamps API v2 base URL: https://api.passport.xyz

| Endpoint action                                 | Endpoint                                    |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| [Retrieve latest score for a single address](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference#retrieve-latest-score-for-a-single-address) | `GET /v2/stamps/{scorer_id}/score/{address}` |
| [Retrieve historical score for a single address](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference#retrieve-historical-score-for-a-single-address) | `GET /v2/stamps/{scorer_id}/score/{address}/history`           |
| [Retrieve Stamps verified by a single address](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference#retrieve-stamps-verified-by-a-single-address) | `GET /v2/stamps/{address}`            |
| [Retrieve all Stamps available in Passport](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference#retrieve-all-stamps-available-in-passport) | `GET /registry/stamp-metadata`              |

Learn more about each of these endpoints on our [API Reference](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference) page, or experiment with them using our [API playground](https://api.passport.xyz/v2/docs) (requires [API key and Scorer/Project](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/getting-access)).

## Next steps

* [Set up an API key and Scorer/Project](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/getting-access)
* [Make your first API request](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/quick-start-guide)
* [Review the API Reference to get to know the available endpoints](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/api-reference)
* [Get support via our Telegram channel](https://t.me/+Mcp9RsRV7tVmYjZh)
