pages/building-with-passport/passport-api/quick-start-guide.mdx, before:

---
title: Passport API quick start guide
description: Beginner guide covering the basics of the Passport API.
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Quick Start

This page will get you up and running with the Passport API. You will come away with the following:

* How to prepare a Passport for scoring on the Gitcoin server
* How to retrieve Passport scores

Please make sure to follow the instructions on our [Getting access](getting-access) page before working through this guide.

You can also experiment with the Passport API using our [API playground tool](https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/docs) and adding your API keys via the 'Authorize' button.



### API basics

The base URL for the API methods we'll be using is `https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/`. There are several API endpoints that can be accessed by extending this base URL.

You can browse the API details in the [API reference](api-reference). The methods that return data about a specific Passport are all invoked using [HTTP GET](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/GET). The method to submit a Passport uses [HTTP POST](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST).

You will also need to include some header information. Both GET and POST requests require your API key. POST requests also require the payload type to be defined. It is always `application/json`.



### How to retrieve a score

There are two basic steps to retrieving a Passport score. First, you submit a Passport to your Scorer instance on the Gitcoin server. This triggers the Scorer instance to calculate a score for a specified address.

Once this is done, you can retrieve the score for that address in a separate request.

<Callout type="info">
Note that submitting the Passport is only required for scoring using the Gitcoin server. It is not required for retrieving Stamp data.
</Callout>

#### Submitting a Passport

The following endpoint is used to submit a Passport.

```
https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/registry/submit-passport
```

This endpoint receives HTTP POST requests with the `address` to be scored and the `scorer_id` in the payload. An example POST request that submits address `0x2C1E111d7C3adc823B5fA3af3f07EB62831C3c5` to Scorer `100` looks as follows:

```bash filename="Sample request" copy
curl -X POST 'https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/registry/submit-passport' \
--data '{"address":"0x2C1E111d7C3adc823B5fA3af3f07EB62831C3c5","scorer_id":"100"}' \ 
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \ 
-H 'X-API-KEY: {your-api-key}'
```

The response from this endpoint should look as follows:

```json filename="Sample response"
{
  "address": "0x2C1E111d7C3adc823B5fA3af3f07EB62831C3c5",
  "score": null,
  "status": "PROCESSING",
  "last_score_timestamp": null,
  "evidence": null,
  "error": null
}
```

This response indicates that the address was successfully submitted and that its score is being calculated on the server.

#### Retrieving the score

This endpoint simply returns the Passport score for the address provided in the request. The address must already have been submitted to the server.

```
https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/registry/score/${SCORER_ID}/${address}
```

This endpoint receives HTTP GET requests with the `address` and the `scorer_id` appended to the URL. An example GET request that queries address `0x2C1E111d7C3adc823B5fA3af3f07EB62831C3c5` at Scorer `100` looks as follows:

```bash filename="Sample request" copy
curl --request GET 'https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/registry/score/100/0x2C1E111d7C3adc823B5fA3af3f07EB62831C3c5' \ 
--header 'X-API-KEY: {your-api-key}'
```

The response from this endpoint should look as follows:

```json filename="Sample response"
{
  "address": "0x2C1E111d7C3adc823B5fA3af3f07EB62831C3c5",
  "score": "26.573997110",
  "status": "DONE",
  "last_score_timestamp": "2023-06-21T09:24:16.827006+00:00",
  "evidence": null,
  "error": null
}
```

The score is provided in the `score` field in the returned object.

API users may find the scores returned by the API sometimes differs from the score displayed in the app. 
If this happens, simply refresh the Passport score by making a POST request to `submit-passport`.


### Next Steps

Now you have seen how to retrieve a Passport score from the Gitcoin server, you can start building this into your apps.

Check out our [tutorials](tutorials) or [API reference](api-reference) pages to learn how to build with Passport.

You can also ask questions in our [developer support channel on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/562828676480237578/986222591096279040).

Commit message:

add links to scoring threshold page

pages/building-with-passport/passport-api/quick-start-guide.mdx, after:

---
title: Passport API quick start guide
description: Beginner guide covering the basics of the Passport API.
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Quick Start

This page will get you up and running with the Passport API. You will come away with the following:

* How to prepare a Passport for scoring on the Gitcoin server
* How to retrieve Passport scores

Please make sure to follow the instructions on our [Getting access](getting-access) page before working through this guide.

You can also experiment with the Passport API using our [API playground tool](https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/docs) and adding your API keys via the 'Authorize' button.



### API basics

The base URL for the API methods we'll be using is `https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/`. There are several API endpoints that can be accessed by extending this base URL.

You can browse the API details in the [API reference](api-reference). The methods that return data about a specific Passport are all invoked using [HTTP GET](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/GET). The method to submit a Passport uses [HTTP POST](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST).

You will also need to include some header information. Both GET and POST requests require your API key. POST requests also require the payload type to be defined. It is always `application/json`.



### How to retrieve a score

There are two basic steps to retrieving a Passport score. First, you submit a Passport to your Scorer instance on the Gitcoin server. This triggers the Scorer instance to calculate a score for a specified address.

Once this is done, you can retrieve the score for that address in a separate request.

<Callout type="info">
Note that submitting the Passport is only required for scoring using the Gitcoin server. It is not required for retrieving Stamp data.
</Callout>

#### Submitting a Passport

The following endpoint is used to submit a Passport.

```
https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/registry/submit-passport
```

This endpoint receives HTTP POST requests with the `address` to be scored and the `scorer_id` in the payload. An example POST request that submits address `0x2C1E111d7C3adc823B5fA3af3f07EB62831C3c5` to Scorer `100` looks as follows:

```bash filename="Sample request" copy
curl -X POST 'https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/registry/submit-passport' \
--data '{"address":"0x2C1E111d7C3adc823B5fA3af3f07EB62831C3c5","scorer_id":"100"}' \ 
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \ 
-H 'X-API-KEY: {your-api-key}'
```

The response from this endpoint should look as follows:

```json filename="Sample response"
{
  "address": "0x2C1E111d7C3adc823B5fA3af3f07EB62831C3c5",
  "score": null,
  "status": "PROCESSING",
  "last_score_timestamp": null,
  "evidence": null,
  "error": null
}
```

This response indicates that the address was successfully submitted and that its score is being calculated on the server.

#### Retrieving the score

This endpoint simply returns the Passport score for the address provided in the request. The address must already have been submitted to the server.

```
https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/registry/score/${SCORER_ID}/${address}
```

This endpoint receives HTTP GET requests with the `address` and the `scorer_id` appended to the URL. An example GET request that queries address `0x2C1E111d7C3adc823B5fA3af3f07EB62831C3c5` at Scorer `100` looks as follows:

```bash filename="Sample request" copy
curl --request GET 'https://api.scorer.gitcoin.co/registry/score/100/0x2C1E111d7C3adc823B5fA3af3f07EB62831C3c5' \ 
--header 'X-API-KEY: {your-api-key}'
```

The response from this endpoint should look as follows:

```json filename="Sample response"
{
  "address": "0x2C1E111d7C3adc823B5fA3af3f07EB62831C3c5",
  "score": "26.573997110",
  "status": "DONE",
  "last_score_timestamp": "2023-06-21T09:24:16.827006+00:00",
  "evidence": null,
  "error": null
}
```

The score is provided in the `score` field in the returned object.

Typically, the score is compared to a [threshold](../../major-concepts/scoring-thresholds) that determines whether a user is given access to some resource.

API users may find the scores returned by the API sometimes differs from the score displayed in the app. 
If this happens, simply refresh the Passport score by making a POST request to `submit-passport`.


### Next Steps

Now you have seen how to retrieve a Passport score from the Gitcoin server, you can start building this into your apps.

Check out our [tutorials](tutorials) or [API reference](api-reference) pages to learn how to build with Passport.

You can also ask questions in our [developer support channel on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/562828676480237578/986222591096279040).
