pages/building-with-passport/passport-api/tutorials.mdx, before:

import { Cards, Card } from 'nextra/components'

# Tutorials

This section includes several tutorials for integrating Gitcoin Passport into your apps.

* [Gating access with Passport scores](tutorials/gating-access-with-passport-scores)
* [Retrieve Passport data and display it to your UI](tutorials/integrating-stamps-and-scorers)
* [How to retrieve, handle and display Stamp metadata in a simple app](tutorials/working-with-stamp-metadata)
* [Requiring a Passport score for airdrop claim](tutorials/requiring-a-passport-score-for-airdrop-claim)
* [Integrating onchain Stamp data using smart contracts](tutorials/integrating-onchain-stamp-data)



## Where to start

To take your very first steps into building apps with Gitcoin Passport, you can visit either the [API access](getting-access) page, followed by the [Quick Start guide](quick-start-guide).



## Tutorials

### Gating access with Passport scores

This tutorial will guide you through building a simple "knowledge hub" app with some specific content that can only be accessed by users with a Passport score above a threshold.

The app is built using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [Chakra-ui](https://chakra-ui.com/), and [ethers](https://docs.ethers.org/v5/).

<Cards>
  <Card title="Gating access with Passport scores" href="tutorials/gating-access-with-passport-scores" />
</Cards>

### Integrating Stamps and scores

This tutorial will guide you through building a simple app that shows whether a user is "trusted" or not based upon their Passport score and ownership of specific Stamps. Multiple users can connect to the app and the Stamps they own are displayed in the app's UI.

The app is built using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [Chakra-ui](https://chakra-ui.com/), and [ethers](https://docs.ethers.org/v5/).

<Cards>
  <Card title="Integrating Stamps and scores" href="tutorials/integrating-stamps-and-scorers" />
</Cards>

### How to retrieve, handle and display Stamp metadata in a simple app

This tutorial will guide you through building a simple app that displays the Stamps that are connected to a specified wallet and Passport.

The app is built using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [Chakra-ui](https://chakra-ui.com/), and [ethers](https://docs.ethers.org/v5/).

<Cards>
  <Card title="Working with Stamp metadata" href="tutorials/working-with-stamp-metadata" />
</Cards>

### Requiring a Passport score for airdrop claim

This guide demonstrates using Passport scores to shield your airdrop from airdrop farmers and other bad actors.

This app is built using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [RainbowKit](https://www.rainbowkit.com/docs/installation), and [wagmi](https://wagmi.sh/).

<Cards>
  <Card title="Protecting airdrops with a Passport score" href="tutorials/requiring-a-passport-score-for-airdrop-claim" />
</Cards>

### How to integrate onchain Passport data using smart contracts

_Please note that this tutorial is not related to the Passport API, and instead uses the Passport smart contract stack._

This tutorial will guide you how to show different content to users depending on their Passport data, all pulled from the blockchain.

The app is built using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [Chakra-ui](https://chakra-ui.com/), and [ethers](https://docs.ethers.org/v5/).

<Cards>
  <Card title="How to retrieve Passport onchain data" href="tutorials/integrating-onchain-stamp-data" />
</Cards>

Commit message:

add discord links to several pages

pages/building-with-passport/passport-api/tutorials.mdx, after:

import { Cards, Card } from 'nextra/components'

# Tutorials

This section includes several tutorials for integrating Gitcoin Passport into your apps.

* [Gating access with Passport scores](tutorials/gating-access-with-passport-scores)
* [Retrieve Passport data and display it to your UI](tutorials/integrating-stamps-and-scorers)
* [How to retrieve, handle and display Stamp metadata in a simple app](tutorials/working-with-stamp-metadata)
* [Requiring a Passport score for airdrop claim](tutorials/requiring-a-passport-score-for-airdrop-claim)
* [Integrating onchain Stamp data using smart contracts](tutorials/integrating-onchain-stamp-data)



## Where to start

To take your very first steps into building apps with Gitcoin Passport, you can visit either the [API access](getting-access) page, followed by the [Quick Start guide](quick-start-guide).

If you need additional support or you have questions about developing with Passport, you can chat in our dedicated developer support channel on [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/562828676480237578/986222591096279040).


## Tutorials

### Gating access with Passport scores

This tutorial will guide you through building a simple "knowledge hub" app with some specific content that can only be accessed by users with a Passport score above a threshold.

The app is built using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [Chakra-ui](https://chakra-ui.com/), and [ethers](https://docs.ethers.org/v5/).

<Cards>
  <Card title="Gating access with Passport scores" href="tutorials/gating-access-with-passport-scores" />
</Cards>

### Integrating Stamps and scores

This tutorial will guide you through building a simple app that shows whether a user is "trusted" or not based upon their Passport score and ownership of specific Stamps. Multiple users can connect to the app and the Stamps they own are displayed in the app's UI.

The app is built using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [Chakra-ui](https://chakra-ui.com/), and [ethers](https://docs.ethers.org/v5/).

<Cards>
  <Card title="Integrating Stamps and scores" href="tutorials/integrating-stamps-and-scorers" />
</Cards>

### How to retrieve, handle and display Stamp metadata in a simple app

This tutorial will guide you through building a simple app that displays the Stamps that are connected to a specified wallet and Passport.

The app is built using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [Chakra-ui](https://chakra-ui.com/), and [ethers](https://docs.ethers.org/v5/).

<Cards>
  <Card title="Working with Stamp metadata" href="tutorials/working-with-stamp-metadata" />
</Cards>

### Requiring a Passport score for airdrop claim

This guide demonstrates using Passport scores to shield your airdrop from airdrop farmers and other bad actors.

This app is built using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [RainbowKit](https://www.rainbowkit.com/docs/installation), and [wagmi](https://wagmi.sh/).

<Cards>
  <Card title="Protecting airdrops with a Passport score" href="tutorials/requiring-a-passport-score-for-airdrop-claim" />
</Cards>

### How to integrate onchain Passport data using smart contracts

_Please note that this tutorial is not related to the Passport API, and instead uses the Passport smart contract stack._

This tutorial will guide you how to show different content to users depending on their Passport data, all pulled from the blockchain.

The app is built using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/), [Chakra-ui](https://chakra-ui.com/), and [ethers](https://docs.ethers.org/v5/).

<Cards>
  <Card title="How to retrieve Passport onchain data" href="tutorials/integrating-onchain-stamp-data" />
</Cards>
