pages/building-with-passport/composedb.md, before:

# ComposeDB

ComposeDB is a decentralized graph database built on top of Ceramic.
Whereas other databases typically store tables of information, a graph database stores relationships between nodes.
Instead of just storing keys and values, a graph database allows connectioons between values to exist too. 
This is very powerful for understanding, for example, user journeys, paths, histories and networks.

In Compose DB, the nodes of the graph are acounts or documents with a globally unique ID. The relationships between these nodes are known as "edges". You can query nodes and edges.

Being a product built on top of Ceramic, ComposeDB provides many benefits for web3 native applications including strong Ethereum integrations. There is also a rich, Graph-QL style API that helps developers to construct complex queries. These are very useful features for Passport XYZ.

Perhaps more importantly, ComposeDB allows us to create and publish data schemas that work across different tech-stacks, meaning we can deploy apps that work identically across multiple layer-1 blockchains and their layer-2's. Data on ComposeDB is updateable allowing, for example, Stamp expiry and reverification.

Read more in the [ComposeDB documentation](https://developers.ceramic.network/docs/composedb/getting-started).

## Passport on ComposeDB

The data used by Passport XYZ fits very well into the graph structure. There are two basic elements that Passport considers: user addresses and Stamps. These are nodes. The links between Stamps and users and edges. 

Let's say you want to know who owns a particular Stamp. You would identify the **node** for that Stamp and then query all the **edges** that connect the Stamp to user addresses.

> **You do not have to construct any of these queries as a Passport user! All this logic is handled by the Passport app.**

Nodes can have properties associated with them, such as `isDeleted` or `isRevoked` that clarify something about it. These can be used to filter out edges in the graph (e.g. a query can be used to identify all edges connecting a node to other nodes whose `isRevoked` value is `false`).

## Schema

Here's what a Stamp looks like in JSON format:

```json
{
  "type": [
    "VerifiableCredential", "GitcoinPassportStamp"
  ],
  "@context": [
    "https://www.w3.org/2018/credentials/v1", "https://credentials.passport.gitcoin.co/"
  ],
  "issuer": "...",
  "issuanceDate": "2023-10-23T13:32:52.935Z",
  "expirationDate": "2024-01-21T13:32:52.935Z",
  "credentialSubject": {
    "id": "did:pkh:eip155:1:0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
    "hash": "v0.0.0:12121212121212121212121212121212121212",
    "provider": "MyProvider",
    "@context": [...]
  },
  "proof": {...}
}
```

and here is what it looks like to create this object in a ComposeDB database:

```GraphQL
type GitcoinPassportStamp implements VerifiableCredential
  @createModel(
    accountRelation: LIST
    description: "A Passport XYZ stamp with a provider and hash"
  )
  @createIndex(fields: [{ path: "issuer" }])
  @createIndex(fields: [{ path: "issuanceDate" }])
  @createIndex(fields: [{ path: "expirationDate" }]) {
  _context: [String!]!
    @string(minLength: 1, maxLength: 1024)
    @list(maxLength: 1024)
  type: [String!]! @string(minLength: 1, maxLength: 1024) @list(maxLength: 1024)
  issuer: String! @string(minLength: 1, maxLength: 1024)
  issuanceDate: DateTime!
  expirationDate: DateTime
  credentialSubject: GitcoinPassportVcCredentialSubject!
  proof: GitcoinPassportVcProof!
}
```

You'll notice that the ComposeDB schema definition above uses embedded types and an interface. For brevity we've omitted those above, but you can observe the schema definitions in their entirety in our [passportStamps.graphql](https://github.com/passportxyz/passport/blob/main/schemas/models/passportStamps.graphql) document.

The fields are as follows:
- `type`: Passport Stamps are always `VerifiableCredentials`
- `context`: an array of strings with lengths between 1 and 1024 bytes to store links to the specifications for verifiable credentials and the Passport credential.
- `issuer`: a string with length 1 to 1024 bytes to store the address issuing the credential.
- `issuanceDate`: A datetime object referencing the time the credential was created.
- `expirationDate`: A datetime object referencing the time the credential will expire.
- `credentialSubject`: An object with the following subfields:
  - `id`: A `did` unique identifier for this credential.
  - `hash`: A hash of this Stamp object
  - `provider`: A hash corresponding to the Stamp provider
  - `context`: A string of lenghth 1 - to 1024 bytes for storing additional information about the Stamp.
- `proof`: A hash demonstrating that the Stampo was really attested by a provider.

### Syncing Passport Data with Your Ceramic Node

If you already have a ComposeDB node and you would like to sync and collaborate on Passport data based on the same definitions, you will need to use the same [ComposeDB composite](https://github.com/passportxyz/passport/blob/main/schemas/composites/gitcoin-passport-stamps-composite.json) already deployed onto the Passport ComposeDB node (in order to ensure the same data model references are synced). 

We've put together a simple [repository](https://github.com/Passportxyz/passport-ceramic-deployment) containing a script that automates this for you. 

First, clone the repository and install your dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Passportxyz/passport-ceramic-deployment && cd eventual-repository-location && npm install
```

This repository has already been pre-loaded with the correct [composite definition](https://github.com/Passportxyz/passport-ceramic-deployment/blob/main/definition.json), so you do not need to edit your definition files.

Next, follow step #2 in the README (which shows how to enter your node endpoint and corresponding admin seed as arguments).

Finally, go ahead and deploy:

```bash
nvm use 20
npm run deploy
```

Congratulations! Your ComposeDB node is now indexing on the same passport data models. 

Finally, in order to run mutations and read queries against your node corresponding to the passport schema, don't forget to use your [JavaScript Runtime Definition](https://github.com/passportxyz/passport/blob/main/schemas/src/definitions/ts/gitcoin-passport-stamps.ts) when casting these definitions onto your application's ComposeDB client.

For more information about how this works, visit the [ComposeDB examples](https://developers.ceramic.network/docs/composedb/examples/tutorials-and-examples) documentation, or get in touch with the Ceramic team on their [Official Forum](https://forum.ceramic.network/).

Here's an example of a query to retrieve 10 Passport Stamps. Users familiar with GraphQL will recognize the syntax.

```js
// Read some documents from compose
const m = `query MyQuery {
  gitcoinPassportStampIndex(
    last: 10
  ) {
    edges {
      node {
        credentialSubject {
          _id
          hash
          metaPointer
          provider
        }
        proof {
          ...GitcoinPassportStampGitcoinPassportVcProofFragment
        }
        expirationDate
        id
        issuanceDate
        issuer
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Replaced Passport XYZ with Human Passport

pages/building-with-passport/composedb.md, after:

# ComposeDB

ComposeDB is a decentralized graph database built on top of Ceramic.
Whereas other databases typically store tables of information, a graph database stores relationships between nodes.
Instead of just storing keys and values, a graph database allows connections between values to exist too. 
This is very powerful for understanding, for example, user journeys, paths, histories and networks.

In Compose DB, the nodes of the graph are accounts or documents with a globally unique ID. The relationships between these nodes are known as "edges". You can query nodes and edges.

Being a product built on top of Ceramic, ComposeDB provides many benefits for web3 native applications including strong Ethereum integrations. There is also a rich, Graph-QL style API that helps developers to construct complex queries. These are very useful features for Human Passport.

Perhaps more importantly, ComposeDB allows us to create and publish data schemas that work across different tech-stacks, meaning we can deploy apps that work identically across multiple layer-1 blockchains and their layer-2's. Data on ComposeDB is updateable allowing, for example, Stamp expiry and reverification.

Read more in the [ComposeDB documentation](https://developers.ceramic.network/docs/composedb/getting-started).

## Passport on ComposeDB

The data used by Human Passport fits very well into the graph structure. There are two basic elements that Passport considers: user addresses and Stamps. These are nodes. The links between Stamps and users and edges. 

Let's say you want to know who owns a particular Stamp. You would identify the **node** for that Stamp and then query all the **edges** that connect the Stamp to user addresses.

> **You do not have to construct any of these queries as a Passport user! All this logic is handled by the Passport app.**

Nodes can have properties associated with them, such as `isDeleted` or `isRevoked` that clarify something about it. These can be used to filter out edges in the graph (e.g. a query can be used to identify all edges connecting a node to other nodes whose `isRevoked` value is `false`).

## Schema

Here's what a Stamp looks like in JSON format:

```json
{
  "type": [
    "VerifiableCredential", "GitcoinPassportStamp"
  ],
  "@context": [
    "https://www.w3.org/2018/credentials/v1", "https://credentials.passport.gitcoin.co/"
  ],
  "issuer": "...",
  "issuanceDate": "2023-10-23T13:32:52.935Z",
  "expirationDate": "2024-01-21T13:32:52.935Z",
  "credentialSubject": {
    "id": "did:pkh:eip155:1:0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
    "hash": "v0.0.0:12121212121212121212121212121212121212",
    "provider": "MyProvider",
    "@context": [...]
  },
  "proof": {...}
}
```

and here is what it looks like to create this object in a ComposeDB database:

```GraphQL
type GitcoinPassportStamp implements VerifiableCredential
  @createModel(
    accountRelation: LIST
    description: "A Human Passport Stamp with a provider and hash"
  )
  @createIndex(fields: [{ path: "issuer" }])
  @createIndex(fields: [{ path: "issuanceDate" }])
  @createIndex(fields: [{ path: "expirationDate" }]) {
  _context: [String!]!
    @string(minLength: 1, maxLength: 1024)
    @list(maxLength: 1024)
  type: [String!]! @string(minLength: 1, maxLength: 1024) @list(maxLength: 1024)
  issuer: String! @string(minLength: 1, maxLength: 1024)
  issuanceDate: DateTime!
  expirationDate: DateTime
  credentialSubject: GitcoinPassportVcCredentialSubject!
  proof: GitcoinPassportVcProof!
}
```

You'll notice that the ComposeDB schema definition above uses embedded types and an interface. For brevity we've omitted those above, but you can observe the schema definitions in their entirety in our [passportStamps.graphql](https://github.com/passportxyz/passport/blob/main/schemas/models/passportStamps.graphql) document.

The fields are as follows:
- `type`: Passport Stamps are always `VerifiableCredentials`
- `context`: an array of strings with lengths between 1 and 1024 bytes to store links to the specifications for verifiable credentials and the Passport credential.
- `issuer`: a string with length 1 to 1024 bytes to store the address issuing the credential.
- `issuanceDate`: A datetime object referencing the time the credential was created.
- `expirationDate`: A datetime object referencing the time the credential will expire.
- `credentialSubject`: An object with the following subfields:
  - `id`: A `did` unique identifier for this credential.
  - `hash`: A hash of this Stamp object
  - `provider`: A hash corresponding to the Stamp provider
  - `context`: A string of length 1 - to 1024 bytes for storing additional information about the Stamp.
- `proof`: A hash demonstrating that the Stamp was really attested by a provider.

### Syncing Passport Data with Your Ceramic Node

If you already have a ComposeDB node and you would like to sync and collaborate on Passport data based on the same definitions, you will need to use the same [ComposeDB composite](https://github.com/passportxyz/passport/blob/main/schemas/composites/gitcoin-passport-stamps-composite.json) already deployed onto the Passport ComposeDB node (in order to ensure the same data model references are synced). 

We've put together a simple [repository](https://github.com/Passportxyz/passport-ceramic-deployment) containing a script that automates this for you. 

First, clone the repository and install your dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Passportxyz/passport-ceramic-deployment && cd eventual-repository-location && npm install
```

This repository has already been pre-loaded with the correct [composite definition](https://github.com/Passportxyz/passport-ceramic-deployment/blob/main/definition.json), so you do not need to edit your definition files.

Next, follow step #2 in the README (which shows how to enter your node endpoint and corresponding admin seed as arguments).

Finally, go ahead and deploy:

```bash
nvm use 20
npm run deploy
```

Congratulations! Your ComposeDB node is now indexing on the same passport data models. 

Finally, in order to run mutations and read queries against your node corresponding to the passport schema, don't forget to use your [JavaScript Runtime Definition](https://github.com/passportxyz/passport/blob/main/schemas/src/definitions/ts/gitcoin-passport-stamps.ts) when casting these definitions onto your application's ComposeDB client.

For more information about how this works, visit the [ComposeDB examples](https://developers.ceramic.network/docs/composedb/examples/tutorials-and-examples) documentation, or get in touch with the Ceramic team on their [Official Forum](https://forum.ceramic.network/).

Here's an example of a query to retrieve 10 Passport Stamps. Users familiar with GraphQL will recognize the syntax.

```js
// Read some documents from compose
const m = `query MyQuery {
  gitcoinPassportStampIndex(
    last: 10
  ) {
    edges {
      node {
        credentialSubject {
          _id
          hash
          metaPointer
          provider
        }
        proof {
          ...GitcoinPassportStampGitcoinPassportVcProofFragment
        }
        expirationDate
        id
        issuanceDate
        issuer
      }
    }
  }
}
```
