pages/building-with-passport/introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: Passport XYZ Developer Platform
description: An overview of the developer tools made available by Passport XYZ.
---

import { Cards, Card } from 'nextra/components'
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Introduction

If you’re a Passport XYZ user interested in setting up a Passport and connecting Stamps to it, head to our [support site](https://support.passport.xyz) for more info.

## What is Passport?

Passport is a tool that allows users to present evidence that they are real, unique humans and signal their trustworthiness to apps. It is a way to collect and present data without exposing it or giving up ownership. 

Under the hood, it is a unique decentralized identifier (a DID) associated with your Ethereum address, stored on the Ceramic network. 

The DID can be used to look up a user's Stamp data, which exists as a collection of Verified Credentials.

**Verified Credentials do not contain any personal identifying information!** They simply demonstrate, using a cryptographic signature, that the user gave access to a specific app and that some criteria were met. Learn more about how Passport XYZ is [privacy preserving](https://www.passport.xyz/privacy).

## Use cases

Developers can integrate Passport in a variety of different programs and apps in the web3 ecosystem, as demonstrated by the following use case examples:

- Sybil resistance for faucets, bundlers and airdrops
- Gating access to content, events, polls, or communities
- Priority weighting votes
- Proving trustworthiness

Passport is a versatile and valuable tool for managing access, promoting transparency, and establishing trust within different web3 environments. 

[Learn more about Passport use cases](../overview/use-cases).


## Available developer tools

Passport score and Stamp data can be retrieved in two ways:

* **Passport API v2:** Retrieves the Stamp-based Unique Humanity Score and associated metadata for a specified address. 
* **Model Based Detection API:** This API is currently in beta. Retrieves the Model Based Detection Score for a specified address.
* **Passport Smart Contracts:** Interacts with a blockchain to retrieve Stamp-based Unique Humanity Scores associated with a specific address. 

### Passport API v2

The Passport API v2 serves as a powerful tool for developers, offering access to Passport scores and Stamps via several REST endpoints. 

<Cards>
  <Card title="Overview" href="/building-with-passport/passport-api/overview" />
  <Card title="Get access" href="/building-with-passport/passport-api/getting-access" />
  <Card title="Quick start" href="/building-with-passport/passport-api/quick-start-guide" />
  <Card title="API reference" href="/building-with-passport/passport-api/api-reference" />
</Cards>

<Callout type="warning">
**Please note:**<br />In November 2024, we soft-launched [Passport API v2](../passport-api/overview).<br /><br />We have not announced any deprecation or retirement timelines for v1 yet, but do strongly recommend using v2 moving forward.<br /><br />You can learn more about the differences between v1 and v2 via our [migration guide](migrate).
</Callout>

### Custom Passport

Custom Passport enables partners to develop a Passport XYZ dashboard that is customized to the unique needs of their ecosystem. This offering enables several additional features above and beyond what is offered on the standard Passport app, which can enable tailored proof of humanity solutions.

<Cards>
  <Card title="Custom Passport" href="/building-with-passport/custom-passport" />
</Cards>

### Model Based Detection API (beta)

The Model Based Detection API enables you to retrieve the Model Based Detection Score for a specified address using a REST endpoint.

<Cards>
  <Card title="Overview" href="/building-with-passport/model-based-detection/overview" />
  <Card title="Get access" href="/building-with-passport/model-based-detection/getting-access" />
  <Card title="Tutorial" href="/building-with-passport/model-based-detection/tutorials/double-verification" />
  <Card title="API reference" href="/building-with-passport/model-based-detection/api-reference" />
</Cards>

### Smart contracts

Passport's smart contracts enable you to pull score and Stamp data directly from the blockchain to enable a truly decentralized integration. 

<Cards>
  <Card title="Overview" href="/building-with-passport/smart-contracts/overview" />
  <Card title="Tutorial" href="/building-with-passport/smart-contracts/integrating-onchain-stamp-data" />
  <Card title="Contract reference" href="/building-with-passport/passport-api/contract-reference" />
</Cards>

### ComposeDB

ComposeDB is another available developer tool for building with Passport. It is a decentralized graph database built on top of Ceramic.

Ceramic provides many benefits for web3 native applications including strong Ethereum integrations. It also provides a rich, Graph-QL style API that helps developers to construct complex queries. 

ComposeDB allows developers to create and publish data schemas that work across different tech-stacks, meaning you can deploy apps that work identically across multiple layer-1 blockchains and their layer-2's. 
Data on ComposeDB is updateable which enables actions such as Stamp expirations and reverification.

Read more on [ComposeDB](composedb.md).


## Getting Started

To begin your development journey with Passport XYZ, follow these steps:

- [Get an API key and scorer ID for the APIs](/building-with-passport/passport-api/getting-access)
- [Use the API playground tool (requires API keys)](https://api.passport.xyz/v2/docs)
- [Get to "Hello World" with Passport API v2](/building-with-passport/passport-api/quick-start-guide)

By following these steps, you'll be well-equipped to start integrating Passport into your platform.

If you have questions or need support, you can chat with us on our [developer support channel on Telegram](https://t.me/+Mcp9RsRV7tVmYjZh).

Commit message:

Updated Passport XYZ to Human Passport

pages/building-with-passport/introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: Human Passport Developer Platform
description: An overview of the developer tools made available by Human Passport.
---

import { Cards, Card } from 'nextra/components'
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Introduction

If you’re a Human Passport user interested in setting up a Passport and connecting Stamps to it, head to our [support site](https://support.passport.xyz) for more info.

## What is Passport?

Passport is a tool that allows users to present evidence that they are real, unique humans and signal their trustworthiness to apps. It is a way to collect and present data without exposing it or giving up ownership. 

Under the hood, it is a unique decentralized identifier (a DID) associated with your Ethereum address, stored on the Ceramic network. 

The DID can be used to look up a user's Stamp data, which exists as a collection of Verified Credentials.

**Verified Credentials do not contain any personal identifying information!** They simply demonstrate, using a cryptographic signature, that the user gave access to a specific app and that some criteria were met. Learn more about how Human Passport is [privacy preserving](https://passport.human.tech/privacy).

## Use cases

Developers can integrate Passport in a variety of different programs and apps in the web3 ecosystem, as demonstrated by the following use case examples:

- Sybil resistance for faucets, bundlers and airdrops
- Gating access to content, events, polls, or communities
- Priority weighting votes
- Proving trustworthiness

Passport is a versatile and valuable tool for managing access, promoting transparency, and establishing trust within different web3 environments. 

[Learn more about Passport use cases](../overview/use-cases).


## Available developer tools

Passport score and Stamp data can be retrieved in two ways:

* **Passport API v2:** Retrieves the Stamp-based Unique Humanity Score and associated metadata for a specified address. 
* **Model Based Detection API:** This API is currently in beta. Retrieves the Model Based Detection Score for a specified address.
* **Passport Smart Contracts:** Interacts with a blockchain to retrieve Stamp-based Unique Humanity Scores associated with a specific address. 

### Passport API v2

The Passport API v2 serves as a powerful tool for developers, offering access to Passport scores and Stamps via several REST endpoints. 

<Cards>
  <Card title="Overview" href="/building-with-passport/passport-api/overview" />
  <Card title="Get access" href="/building-with-passport/passport-api/getting-access" />
  <Card title="Quick start" href="/building-with-passport/passport-api/quick-start-guide" />
  <Card title="API reference" href="/building-with-passport/passport-api/api-reference" />
</Cards>

<Callout type="warning">
**Please note:**<br />In November 2024, we soft-launched [Passport API v2](../passport-api/overview).<br /><br />We have not announced any deprecation or retirement timelines for v1 yet, but do strongly recommend using v2 moving forward.<br /><br />You can learn more about the differences between v1 and v2 via our [migration guide](migrate).
</Callout>

### Custom Passport

Custom Passport enables partners to develop a Human Passport dashboard that is customized to the unique needs of their ecosystem. This offering enables several additional features above and beyond what is offered on the standard Passport app, which can enable tailored proof of humanity solutions.

<Cards>
  <Card title="Custom Passport" href="/building-with-passport/custom-passport" />
</Cards>

### Model Based Detection API (beta)

The Model Based Detection API enables you to retrieve the Model Based Detection Score for a specified address using a REST endpoint.

<Cards>
  <Card title="Overview" href="/building-with-passport/model-based-detection/overview" />
  <Card title="Get access" href="/building-with-passport/model-based-detection/getting-access" />
  <Card title="Tutorial" href="/building-with-passport/model-based-detection/tutorials/double-verification" />
  <Card title="API reference" href="/building-with-passport/model-based-detection/api-reference" />
</Cards>

### Smart contracts

Passport's smart contracts enable you to pull score and Stamp data directly from the blockchain to enable a truly decentralized integration. 

<Cards>
  <Card title="Overview" href="/building-with-passport/smart-contracts/overview" />
  <Card title="Tutorial" href="/building-with-passport/smart-contracts/integrating-onchain-stamp-data" />
  <Card title="Contract reference" href="/building-with-passport/passport-api/contract-reference" />
</Cards>

### ComposeDB

ComposeDB is another available developer tool for building with Passport. It is a decentralized graph database built on top of Ceramic.

Ceramic provides many benefits for web3 native applications including strong Ethereum integrations. It also provides a rich, Graph-QL style API that helps developers to construct complex queries. 

ComposeDB allows developers to create and publish data schemas that work across different tech-stacks, meaning you can deploy apps that work identically across multiple layer-1 blockchains and their layer-2's. 
Data on ComposeDB is updateable which enables actions such as Stamp expirations and reverification.

Read more on [ComposeDB](composedb.md).


## Getting Started

To begin your development journey with Human Passport, follow these steps:

- [Get an API key and scorer ID for the APIs](/building-with-passport/passport-api/getting-access)
- [Use the API playground tool (requires API keys)](https://api.passport.xyz/v2/docs)
- [Get to "Hello World" with Passport API v2](/building-with-passport/passport-api/quick-start-guide)

By following these steps, you'll be well-equipped to start integrating Passport into your platform.

If you have questions or need support, you can chat with us on our [developer support channel on Telegram](https://t.me/+Mcp9RsRV7tVmYjZh).
