pages/building-with-passport/smart-contracts/quick-start-guide.mdx, before:

---
title: Smart contract quick start guide
description: Quick start gide to get you up and runnign with Passport XYZ's smart contracts.
---

# Smart contract quick start

The Passport XYZ smart contracts are deployed on several chains, covering both testnets and live networks. 
There are several contracts that interact with each other to provide the Passport XYZ backend and API. 

This quick start will illustrate different ways that you can quickly test pulling data from the Passport `decoder` contract.

## Retrieving data from Block Explorers

You can use a block explorer to find the Passport smart contracts and query their API directly in the browser, without having to write any code at all.

1. Navigate to the `decoder` contract on a [network](../contract-reference#contract-addresses) supported by onchain Passport. In this example, we'll use the [`decoder` deployed to the Optimism Sepolia network](https://sepolia-optimism.etherscan.io/address/0xe53C60F8069C2f0c3a84F9B3DB5cf56f3100ba56). 
2. Make sure the `Read as Proxy` tab is open. This is where you can view the methods exposed by the contract. 
3. Open the `getPassport()` or `getScore()` method.
4. Enter a ETH wallet address, click `Query`, and view the results. 

Available methods:
* The `getPassport` method will provide the Stamps owned by the given address in the browser.
* The `getScore` method will provide the user's score as a 4 digit number. Divide this by 100 to get the user's unique humanity score. 
* There are also several lower level functions that give access to encoded data and intermediate values. 

Here's what a response from `getPassport` function on the block explorer looks like:

![](public/basescan.png)


## Retrieving data programmatically

You can also query the API programmatically from the terminal or in an app. 

The steps are:
- 1. instantiate a web3 provider
- 2. instantiate the decoder contract
- 3. call the contract functions

Here's a minimal example of how to call the `getPassport()` and `getScore()` methods using `Web3js` in a Javascript app:

## Instantiate a web3 provider

The provider is your entry point to the blockchain. Ultimately it is the address for a node that exposes a set of methods that allows you to interact with the blockchain.
If you run your own node, you can use it as your provider. It is also common to use third party "RPC" providers. This is equivalent to using someone else's node.
If you are not sure what to use as your provider, your wallet will expose the URLs it is using, and you can copy them into your Javascript application as shown below.

To use an RPC provider:

```js
const Web3 = require("web3");
const rpcUrl = '<your url here>';
const web3 = new Web3(new Web3.providers.HttpProvider(rpcUrl));
```

To use a local node (in this case, Geth using IPC):

```js
var web3 = new Web3(new Web3.providers.IpcProvider('/Users/myuser/Library/Ethereum/geth.ipc', net))
```
Now you have a variable, `web3` representing your web3 connection. You can use this to interact with contracts on the blockchain. 

**Note** please ensure your web3 provider is connected to the correct network.


## Instantiate the decoder contract

Instantiating a contract allows you to interact with a contract deployed on the blockhain as if it were a Javascript object.
This requires you to pass the contract ABI (application Binary Interface) and the address on the blockchain where the contract is deployed.
The contract ABI can usually be found by querying the contract address on a block explorer, or alternatively it is usually available on a project's Github if the project is open source.
The Passport decoder contract ABI can be found on both block explorers and the [Passport Github](https://github.com/passportxyz/eas-proxy/blob/main/deployments/abi/GitcoinPassportDecoder.json). 

```js
var Contract = require('web3-eth-contract');
var abi = <paste ABI here>

var contract = new Contract(jsonInterface, address);
```

The `contract` variable is a Javascript object exposing the contract methods.


## Call the contract methods

You can use the contract methods just like Javascript object methods, i.e. `contract.method(args)`. 
To call the decoder contract's `getPassport()` method:

```js
var passportInfo = contract.getPassport("<user-address>")
```

To call the contract's `getScore()` method:

```js
var score = contract.getScore("<user-address>")
```


## Summary

This quick start guide demonstrated how to grab information from the Passport XYZ decoder contract. 
You have the option to query the contract using the block explorer UI or programatically using a library such as `web3js`. 
There are equivalent libraries in other languages too, such as [`web3py`](https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) for Python, [`web3`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/gochain/web3) for Go,
and `ethers` for [Rust](https://github.com/gakonst/ethers-rs) and [Javascript](https://docs.ethers.org/v5/).


## Next steps

Explore our [contract reference page](./contract-reference.mdx) to find all the details about the various Passport XYZ contract deployments. 
Then you could try our more advanced [smart contract app tutorial](./integrating-onchain-stamp-data.md).

If you have mroe questions you can chat in our [developer support channel on Telegram](https://t.me/+Mcp9RsRV7tVmYjZh).

Commit message:

Updated Passport XYZ to Human Passport

pages/building-with-passport/smart-contracts/quick-start-guide.mdx, after:

---
title: Smart contract quick start guide
description: Quick start guide to get you up and running with Human Passport's smart contracts.
---

# Smart contract quick start

The Human Passport smart contracts are deployed on several chains, covering both testnets and live networks. 
There are several contracts that interact with each other to provide the Human Passport backend and API. 

This quick start will illustrate different ways that you can quickly test pulling data from the Passport `decoder` contract.

## Retrieving data from Block Explorers

You can use a block explorer to find the Passport smart contracts and query their API directly in the browser, without having to write any code at all.

1. Navigate to the `decoder` contract on a [network](../contract-reference#contract-addresses) supported by onchain Passport. In this example, we'll use the [`decoder` deployed to the Optimism Sepolia network](https://sepolia-optimism.etherscan.io/address/0xe53C60F8069C2f0c3a84F9B3DB5cf56f3100ba56). 
2. Make sure the `Read as Proxy` tab is open. This is where you can view the methods exposed by the contract. 
3. Open the `getPassport()` or `getScore()` method.
4. Enter a ETH wallet address, click `Query`, and view the results. 

Available methods:
* The `getPassport` method will provide the Stamps owned by the given address in the browser.
* The `getScore` method will provide the user's score as a 4 digit number. Divide this by 100 to get the user's unique humanity score. 
* There are also several lower level functions that give access to encoded data and intermediate values. 

Here's what a response from `getPassport` function on the block explorer looks like:

![](public/basescan.png)


## Retrieving data programmatically

You can also query the API programmatically from the terminal or in an app. 

The steps are:
- 1. instantiate a web3 provider
- 2. instantiate the decoder contract
- 3. call the contract functions

Here's a minimal example of how to call the `getPassport()` and `getScore()` methods using `Web3js` in a Javascript app:

## Instantiate a web3 provider

The provider is your entry point to the blockchain. Ultimately it is the address for a node that exposes a set of methods that allows you to interact with the blockchain.
If you run your own node, you can use it as your provider. It is also common to use third party "RPC" providers. This is equivalent to using someone else's node.
If you are not sure what to use as your provider, your wallet will expose the URLs it is using, and you can copy them into your Javascript application as shown below.

To use an RPC provider:

```js
const Web3 = require("web3");
const rpcUrl = '<your url here>';
const web3 = new Web3(new Web3.providers.HttpProvider(rpcUrl));
```

To use a local node (in this case, Geth using IPC):

```js
var web3 = new Web3(new Web3.providers.IpcProvider('/Users/myuser/Library/Ethereum/geth.ipc', net))
```
Now you have a variable, `web3` representing your web3 connection. You can use this to interact with contracts on the blockchain. 

**Note** please ensure your web3 provider is connected to the correct network.


## Instantiate the decoder contract

Instantiating a contract allows you to interact with a contract deployed on the blockhain as if it were a Javascript object.
This requires you to pass the contract ABI (application Binary Interface) and the address on the blockchain where the contract is deployed.
The contract ABI can usually be found by querying the contract address on a block explorer, or alternatively it is usually available on a project's Github if the project is open source.
The Passport decoder contract ABI can be found on both block explorers and the [Passport Github](https://github.com/passportxyz/eas-proxy/blob/main/deployments/abi/GitcoinPassportDecoder.json). 

```js
var Contract = require('web3-eth-contract');
var abi = <paste ABI here>

var contract = new Contract(jsonInterface, address);
```

The `contract` variable is a Javascript object exposing the contract methods.


## Call the contract methods

You can use the contract methods just like Javascript object methods, i.e. `contract.method(args)`. 
To call the decoder contract's `getPassport()` method:

```js
var passportInfo = contract.getPassport("<user-address>")
```

To call the contract's `getScore()` method:

```js
var score = contract.getScore("<user-address>")
```


## Summary

This quick start guide demonstrated how to grab information from the Human Passport decoder contract. 
You have the option to query the contract using the block explorer UI or programatically using a library such as `web3js`. 
There are equivalent libraries in other languages too, such as [`web3py`](https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) for Python, [`web3`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/gochain/web3) for Go,
and `ethers` for [Rust](https://github.com/gakonst/ethers-rs) and [Javascript](https://docs.ethers.org/v5/).


## Next steps

Explore our [contract reference page](./contract-reference.mdx) to find all the details about the various Human Passport contract deployments. 
Then you could try our more advanced [smart contract app tutorial](./integrating-onchain-stamp-data.md).

If you have more questions you can chat in our [developer support channel on Telegram](https://t.me/+Mcp9RsRV7tVmYjZh).
