for-identity-providers/integrating-a-new-stamp.md, before:

---
description: Here's
---

# Integrating a new Stamp

### Implement a new IAM Provider

In the `iam` package, all Provider implementations are in `iam/src/providers`.

Providers must implement a `verify()` method that receives a proof payload, and verifies it.

The verification process could involve requests to external servers, reading on-chain data from a smart contract, etc. The proof payload could contain an access token, a blockchain address, etc.

### Implement a new Provider Card in the Passport dapp

In the `app` package, each Provider is represented as a ProviderCard in `app/components/ProviderCards`.

Each Provider also has an entry in the `STAMP_PROVIDERS` constant in`app/config/providers` specifying the name, description, and icon.

Each ProviderCard will implement custom logic for the Verify button, which should request and collect proof data from the user to be submitted to the IAM server.

This process could involve initiating an OAuth flow, requesting a signed message from the user's wallet, etc.

### Submit a PR

To be added as a new Stamp Provider for the Gitcoin Passport, please submit a PR to [https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport) implementing the `iam` and `app` changes described above.

For reference, here are past PRs implementing the current stamp providers:

* [Google OAuth Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/31)
* [ENS Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/71)
* [Proof of Humanity Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/75)
* [Twitter OAuth Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/87)
* [POAP Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/93)
* [Facebook Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/94)
* [BrightId Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/126)

***

Commit message:

GitBook: [#27] Mostly updates to the Glossary page (e.g. added "Passport Protocol")

for-identity-providers/integrating-a-new-stamp.md, after:

---
description: >-
  This is an overview for leaders of services like POAP and BrightID to
  understand how they can become a Stamp Provider for Passport
---

# Integrating a new Stamp

### Implement a new IAM Provider

In the `iam` package, all Provider implementations are in `iam/src/providers`.

Providers must implement a `verify()` method that receives a proof payload, and verifies it.

The verification process could involve requests to external servers, reading on-chain data from a smart contract, etc. The proof payload could contain an access token, a blockchain address, etc.

### Implement a new Provider Card in the Passport dapp

In the `app` package, each Provider is represented as a ProviderCard in `app/components/ProviderCards`.

Each Provider also has an entry in the `STAMP_PROVIDERS` constant in`app/config/providers` specifying the name, description, and icon.

Each ProviderCard will implement custom logic for the Verify button, which should request and collect proof data from the user to be submitted to the IAM server.

This process could involve initiating an OAuth flow, requesting a signed message from the user's wallet, etc.

### Submit a PR

To be added as a new Stamp Provider for the Gitcoin Passport, please submit a PR to [https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport) implementing the `iam` and `app` changes described above.

For reference, here are past PRs implementing the current stamp providers:

* [Google OAuth Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/31)
* [ENS Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/71)
* [Proof of Humanity Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/75)
* [Twitter OAuth Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/87)
* [POAP Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/93)
* [Facebook Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/94)
* [BrightId Stamp](https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport/pull/126)

***
