pages/building-with-passport/major-concepts/credential-map-and-weights.mdx, before:

---
title: Credential Map and Weights
description: The Stamp-based verification system uses a set of Stamps and underlying weighted credentials to determine the score of a Passport.
---

# Credential Map and Weights

The Stamp-based verification system uses a set of Stamps and underlying weighted credentials to determine the score of a Passport.

**First off, what's the difference between a Stamp and a credential?**

Each Stamp partner or concept has their own Stamp that users can see and interact with see in their Passport. Each Stamp can have one or multiple underlying weighted credentials, which represent an identity verification activity within the Stamp partner's ecosystem.

The weights assigned to each credential represent how strong of a human signal the underlying verification activity represents. The higher the point allocation to a credential, the better the human signal.

The following table will help you understand how to map the different available credentials to their corresponding Stamps and weights. It is sorted based on the Stamp, orderred highest points to least. 

*These weights were last updated December 2024*

| Stamp        | credential                                                   | new_weight |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| ETH Activity | **total**                                                    |     22.541 |
|              | ETHScore#50                                                  |     16.021 |
|              | ETHScore#90                                                  |      2.926 |
|              | ETHScore#75                                                  |      2.399 |
|              | ETHDaysActive#50                                             |      0.207 |
|              | ETHGasSpent#0.25                                             |      0.778 |
|              | ETHnumTransactions#100                                       |      0.210 |
| NFT          | **total**                                                    |     22.053 |
|              | NFTScore#50                                                  |     16.246 |
|              | NFTScore#90                                                  |      2.413 |
|              | NFTScore#75                                                  |      2.362 |
|              | NFT                                                          |      1.032 |
| Holonym      |  **total**                                                   |     17.547 |
|              | HolonymGovIdProvider                                         |     16.026 |
|              | HolonymPhone                                                 |      1.521 |
| GTC Staking  | **total**                                                    |     12.506 |
|              | TrustedCitizen                                               |      4.009 |
|              | SelfStakingGold                                              |      2.700 |
|              | ExperiencedCommunityStaker                                   |      2.161 |
|              | SelfStakingSilver                                            |      2.066 |
|              | SelfStakingBronze                                            |      0.897 |
|              | BeginnerCommunityStaker                                      |      0.673 |
| Coinbase     | CoinbaseDualVerification                                     |     10.042 |
| Binance      | BinanceBABT                                                  |     10.021 |
| Idena        | **total**                                                    |      9.736 |
|              | IdenaState#Newbie                                            |      5.892 |
|              | IdenaState#Verified                                          |      1.924 |
|              | IdenaState#Human                                             |      1.921 |
| Civic        | **total**                                                    |      8.867 |
|              | CivicUniquenessPass                                          |      5.005 |
|              | CivicLivenessPass                                            |      3.038 |
|              | CivicCaptchaPass                                             |      0.823 |
| Gitcoin      | **total**                                                    |      6.237 |
|              | GitcoinContributorStatistics#totalContributionAmountGte#1000 |      4.997 |
|              | GitcoinContributorStatistics#totalContributionAmountGte#100  |      1.017 |
|              | GitcoinContributorStatistics#totalContributionAmountGte#10   |      0.223 |
| GitHub       | **total**                                                    |      6.026 |
|              | githubContributionActivityGte#120                            |      2.259 |
|              | githubContributionActivityGte#60                             |      1.888 |
|              | githubContributionActivityGte#30                             |      1.879 |
| Linkedin     | Linkedin                                                     |      1.531 |
| Guild        | **total**                                                    |      0.708 |
|              | GuildAdmin                                                   |      0.468 |
|              | GuildPassportMember                                          |      0.240 |
| Google       | Google                                                       |      0.525 |
| Discord      | Discord                                                      |      0.516 |
| Snapshot     | SnapshotProposalsProvider                                    |      0.239 |
| Lens         | Lens                                                         |      0.230 |
| Safe         | GnosisSafe                                                   |      0.222 |
| ENS          | Ens                                                          |      0.208 |
| BrightID     | Brightid                                                     |      0.202 |

Commit message:

linked between credential map and custom passport pages

pages/building-with-passport/major-concepts/credential-map-and-weights.mdx, after:

---
title: Credential Map and Weights
description: The Stamp-based verification system uses a set of Stamps and underlying weighted credentials to determine the score of a Passport.
---

# Credential Map and Weights

The Stamp-based verification system uses a set of Stamps and underlying weighted credentials to determine the score of a Passport.

## Stamps and credentials 

Each Stamp partner or concept has their own Stamp that users can see and interact with see in their Passport. Each Stamp can have one or multiple underlying weighted credentials, which represent an identity verification activity within the Stamp partner's ecosystem.

The weights assigned to each credential represent how strong of a human signal the underlying verification activity represents. The higher the point allocation to a credential, the better the human signal.

## Custom Passport

If you'd like to customize these credentials -- either remove them from your community's Passport or adjust the weights -- you can do so with [Custom Passport](../custom-passport.md).

Custom Passport enables you to customize the Passport Stamp-based offering around your ecosystem's unique needs. Choose which credentials to include at which weights, and even create your own custom Stamps.

Learn more about [Custom Passport](../custom-passport.md).


## Credential Map and Weights

The following table will help you understand how to map the different available credentials to their corresponding Stamps and weights. It is sorted based on the Stamp, orderred highest points to least. 

*These weights were last updated December 2024*

| Stamp        | credential                                                   | new_weight |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| ETH Activity | **total**                                                    |     22.541 |
|              | ETHScore#50                                                  |     16.021 |
|              | ETHScore#90                                                  |      2.926 |
|              | ETHScore#75                                                  |      2.399 |
|              | ETHDaysActive#50                                             |      0.207 |
|              | ETHGasSpent#0.25                                             |      0.778 |
|              | ETHnumTransactions#100                                       |      0.210 |
| NFT          | **total**                                                    |     22.053 |
|              | NFTScore#50                                                  |     16.246 |
|              | NFTScore#90                                                  |      2.413 |
|              | NFTScore#75                                                  |      2.362 |
|              | NFT                                                          |      1.032 |
| Holonym      |  **total**                                                   |     17.547 |
|              | HolonymGovIdProvider                                         |     16.026 |
|              | HolonymPhone                                                 |      1.521 |
| GTC Staking  | **total**                                                    |     12.506 |
|              | TrustedCitizen                                               |      4.009 |
|              | SelfStakingGold                                              |      2.700 |
|              | ExperiencedCommunityStaker                                   |      2.161 |
|              | SelfStakingSilver                                            |      2.066 |
|              | SelfStakingBronze                                            |      0.897 |
|              | BeginnerCommunityStaker                                      |      0.673 |
| Coinbase     | CoinbaseDualVerification                                     |     10.042 |
| Binance      | BinanceBABT                                                  |     10.021 |
| Idena        | **total**                                                    |      9.736 |
|              | IdenaState#Newbie                                            |      5.892 |
|              | IdenaState#Verified                                          |      1.924 |
|              | IdenaState#Human                                             |      1.921 |
| Civic        | **total**                                                    |      8.867 |
|              | CivicUniquenessPass                                          |      5.005 |
|              | CivicLivenessPass                                            |      3.038 |
|              | CivicCaptchaPass                                             |      0.823 |
| Gitcoin      | **total**                                                    |      6.237 |
|              | GitcoinContributorStatistics#totalContributionAmountGte#1000 |      4.997 |
|              | GitcoinContributorStatistics#totalContributionAmountGte#100  |      1.017 |
|              | GitcoinContributorStatistics#totalContributionAmountGte#10   |      0.223 |
| GitHub       | **total**                                                    |      6.026 |
|              | githubContributionActivityGte#120                            |      2.259 |
|              | githubContributionActivityGte#60                             |      1.888 |
|              | githubContributionActivityGte#30                             |      1.879 |
| Linkedin     | Linkedin                                                     |      1.531 |
| Guild        | **total**                                                    |      0.708 |
|              | GuildAdmin                                                   |      0.468 |
|              | GuildPassportMember                                          |      0.240 |
| Google       | Google                                                       |      0.525 |
| Discord      | Discord                                                      |      0.516 |
| Snapshot     | SnapshotProposalsProvider                                    |      0.239 |
| Lens         | Lens                                                         |      0.230 |
| Safe         | GnosisSafe                                                   |      0.222 |
| ENS          | Ens                                                          |      0.208 |
| BrightID     | Brightid                                                     |      0.202 |
