pages/building-with-passport/major-concepts/data-dictionary.mdx, before:

---
description: >-
  A table for looking up definitions of data types used in the Gitcoin Passport
  stack
---

# Data dictionary

On this page you will find definitions and explanations for the data types used in the Gitcoin Passport stack. The `Scorer`, `Stamp` , `Credential` and `Stamp-metadata` objects require the most explanation so they are handled separately here. Other types found across the Passport stack are defined in "Other data".&#x20;

### The Scorer object

| Value                  | Type              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | How to use                                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------------- | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `address`              | `string`          | The `string` of 20 bytes that uniquely identify an Ethereum account                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Identifies a specific account to be scored                                                                                                          |
| `score`                | `string`          | The `registry/score` endpoint returns a `string` that should be parsed as a `float`. It represents the result of adding the weights of all a user's Stamps.                                                                                                                                                                                      | Returned from `registry/score`. Can be used to gate access to content.                                                                              |
| `status`               | `string`          | Shows whether a server request is `PROCESSING` or `DONE`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Included in responses from `registry/score`                                                                                                         |
| `last_score_timestamp` | `datetime string` | Shows the date and time of the previous request made to the Scorer instance. For example, `"2023-04-28T09:35:49.159Z"`                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Returned by the `registry/score` and `registry/submit-passport` endpoint                                                                            |
| `evidence`             | `struct`          | When the [binary Scorer](/building-with-passport/getting-access#types-of-scorers) is selected, this field is used to explain why the return value was 0 or 1. Specifically, the returned data shows the threshold score required to return 1, and the actual score the Passport received. The current score threshold for a passing score is 20. | You can use this to check the reasoning behind a binary Passport score, and understand why a Passport was decided to be Sybil (0) or non-Sybil (1). |
| `error`                | `string`          | Describes any error returned by the server. Refer to the API [status and error codes page](/building-with-passport/major-concepts/status-and-error-codes) for more information.                                                                                                                                                                  | Used to understand why a request failed.                                                                                                            |



### The Stamp object

| Value        | Type           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | How to use                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------------ | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `credential` | `struct`       | Message displayed in the Passport Scorer app alongside a button to trigger verification of a specific Stamp See [Credentials](#credentials) table below for more details. | This is what a Stamp actually comprises. It is associated with an Ethereum address.                                                                                                      |
| `items`      | `array<stamp>` | An array containing data for each individual Stamp.                                                                                                                                                                             | Each object in this array represents a specific Stamp.                                                                                                                                   |
| `metadata`   | `struct`       | Metadata is a struct containing `id`, `icon`, `name`, `description`, and `connectMessage` fields for each provider and then more granular data for each of the provider's Stamps                                                | Returned from the `registry/stamps` endpoint if the qualifier `include-metadata=true` is also passed. Returned from `registry/stamp-metadata` for all Stamps                             |
| `next`       | `string`       | A pointer to the next page of returned data, if the returned data has been paginated.                                                                                                                                           | You can use this is a request to access a page and the subsequent page of results for a paginated response. If the value is `null` you are already seeing all the available information. |
| `prev`       | `string`       | A pointer to the preceding page of returned data, if the returned data has been paginated.                                                                                                                                      | You can use this is a request to access a page and the previous page of results for a paginated response. If the value is `null` you are already seeing all the available information.   |
| `version`    | `string`       | A version identifier for a Stamp                                                                                                                                                                                                | Returned for each Stamp from `registry/stamps`                                                                                                                                           |


#### Credentials

A `credential` is a struct returned in the Stamp object. It has its own sub-fields as follows:

| Value               | Type              | Description                                                                                                                                                                      | How to use                                                                                                                                                            |
| ------------------- | ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `type`              | `string`          | A descriptor that shows what type of credential is present                                                                                                                       | Can be used to check that the returned data is of the expected structure for a given credential type. This is usually going to have the value `VerifiableCredential`. |
| `proof`             | `struct`          | A struct containing several fields comprising the proof that a certain action was taken, for example a signed auth token proving that an account was unlocked.                   | Used to verify ownership of a specific Stamp                                                                                                                          |
| `issuer`            | `hash`            | Each Stamp issuer has a specific identifying hash provided in this field.                                                                                                        | Used to identify a Stamp issuer                                                                                                                                       |
| `@context`          | `url`             | Link to the credential definition documentation                                                                                                                                  | Can be used to access reference documentation for the credential type                                                                                                 |
| `issuanceDate`      | `datetime string` | The date and time that the Stamp was minted. For example, `"2023-04-28T09:35:49.159Z"`                                                                                           | Can be used to check the age of a Stamp                                                                                                                               |
| `expirationDate`    | `datetime string` | The date and time the Stamp should expire. For example, `"2023-04-28T09:35:49.159Z"`                                                                                             | Can be used to automatically expire a Stamp                                                                                                                           |
| `credentialSubject` | `struct`          | Contains anonymized information about the user that the Stamp is issued to. This includes a unique ID, a hash, link to the data schema and the Stamp provider name in plaintext. | Can be used to connect Stamps to a user in a privacy preserving way                                                                                                   |

### Stamp metadata

| Value            | Type     | Description                                                                                                      | How to use                                                                                                                                                                   |
| ---------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `connectMessage` | `string` | Message displayed in the Passport scorer app alongside a button to trigger verification of a specific Stamp      | Mainly used in the Passport app, but could be used to provide appropriate message for verification in other contexts                                                         |
| `description`    | `string` | Short description of what a specific Stamp demonstrates. For example, ownership of >0.5 ETH                      | Returned in Stamp metadata, can be used to understand a specific Stamp                                                                                                       |
| `groups`         | `string` | Identifier for top-level groupings of Stamps for a given provider                                                | Each provider may issue many Stamps which can be grouped together by theme, for example the Gitcoin Provider groups Stamps by `Self GTC-staking` and `Community GTC-staking` |
| `hash`           | `string` | A unique hash representing a specific instance of a credential                                                   | Used to prevent the same Stamp being used multiple times in a specific Scorer instance                                                                                       |
| `icon`           | `string` | A URL for an image to represent each Stamp provider                                                              | Returned in Stamp metadata, can be used to load an icon for a Stamp provider                                                                                                 |
| `id`             | `string` | An identifier for a Stamp                                                                                        | Returned in Stamp metadata, can be used to scrape data for a specific Stamp                                                                                                  |
| `name`           | `string` | Name of the provider issuing a given Stamp                                                                       | Returned as part of the Stamp metadata, can be used to scrape information for specific providers                                                                             |
| `stamps`         | `array`  | Array containing Stamp structs for each individual Stamp. Each Stamp has `name`, `description` and `hash` fields | Included in Stamp metadata. Used to identify specific instances of individual Stamps                                                                                         |


### Other data

| Value       | Type     | Description                                                                                                                    | How to use                                                                                                                                                             |
| ----------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `API-Key`   | `string` | An authorization token generated by the Scorer app giving you access to a Scorer instance on the Gitcoin server.               | Include this API key as part of your request headers.                                                                                                                  |
| `nonce`     | `int`    | A transaction counter for an address that is used in signing to prevent certain types of attack                                | This is an optional field that can be provided to `submit-passport` for additional verification. Today access to Scorers is controlled using API keys only by default. |
| `scorer_id` | `string` | Scorers are instantiated with unique IDs known as `scorer_id`s.                                                                | Create a Scorer in the Scorer app to receive a `scorer_id`. Then this value links your API requests to a specific Scorer instance matching your API key                |
| `signature` | `string` | Some workflows require a Scorer owner to demonstrate their ownership by signing a message with the Scorer owner's private key. | This is an optional field that can be provided to `submit-passport` for additional verification. Today access to Scorers is controlled using API keys only by default. |

Commit message:

Updated data dictionary and API reference with more details about the GTC staked payload

pages/building-with-passport/major-concepts/data-dictionary.mdx, after:

---
description: >-
  A table for looking up definitions of data types used in the Gitcoin Passport
  stack
---

# Data dictionary

On this page you will find definitions and explanations for the data types used in the Gitcoin Passport stack. The `Scorer`, `Stamp` , `Credential` and `Stamp-metadata` objects require the most explanation so they are handled separately here. Other types found across the Passport stack are defined in "Other data".&#x20;

### The Scorer object

| Value                  | Type              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | How to use                                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------------- | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `address`              | `string`          | The `string` of 20 bytes that uniquely identify an Ethereum account                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Identifies a specific account to be scored                                                                                                          |
| `score`                | `string`          | The `registry/score` endpoint returns a `string` that should be parsed as a `float`. It represents the result of adding the weights of all a user's Stamps.                                                                                                                                                                                      | Returned from `registry/score`. Can be used to gate access to content.                                                                              |
| `status`               | `string`          | Shows whether a server request is `PROCESSING` or `DONE`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Included in responses from `registry/score`                                                                                                         |
| `last_score_timestamp` | `datetime string` | Shows the date and time of the previous request made to the Scorer instance. For example, `"2023-04-28T09:35:49.159Z"`                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Returned by the `registry/score` and `registry/submit-passport` endpoint                                                                            |
| `evidence`             | `struct`          | When the [binary Scorer](/building-with-passport/getting-access#types-of-scorers) is selected, this field is used to explain why the return value was 0 or 1. Specifically, the returned data shows the threshold score required to return 1, and the actual score the Passport received. The current score threshold for a passing score is 20. | You can use this to check the reasoning behind a binary Passport score, and understand why a Passport was decided to be Sybil (0) or non-Sybil (1). |
| `error`                | `string`          | Describes any error returned by the server. Refer to the API [status and error codes page](/building-with-passport/major-concepts/status-and-error-codes) for more information.                                                                                                                                                                  | Used to understand why a request failed.                                                                                                            |



### The Stamp object

| Value        | Type           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | How to use                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------------ | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `credential` | `struct`       | Message displayed in the Passport Scorer app alongside a button to trigger verification of a specific Stamp See [Credentials](#credentials) table below for more details. | This is what a Stamp actually comprises. It is associated with an Ethereum address.                                                                                                      |
| `items`      | `array<stamp>` | An array containing data for each individual Stamp.                                                                                                                                                                             | Each object in this array represents a specific Stamp.                                                                                                                                   |
| `metadata`   | `struct`       | Metadata is a struct containing `id`, `icon`, `name`, `description`, and `connectMessage` fields for each provider and then more granular data for each of the provider's Stamps                                                | Returned from the `registry/stamps` endpoint if the qualifier `include-metadata=true` is also passed. Returned from `registry/stamp-metadata` for all Stamps                             |
| `next`       | `string`       | A pointer to the next page of returned data, if the returned data has been paginated.                                                                                                                                           | You can use this is a request to access a page and the subsequent page of results for a paginated response. If the value is `null` you are already seeing all the available information. |
| `prev`       | `string`       | A pointer to the preceding page of returned data, if the returned data has been paginated.                                                                                                                                      | You can use this is a request to access a page and the previous page of results for a paginated response. If the value is `null` you are already seeing all the available information.   |
| `version`    | `string`       | A version identifier for a Stamp                                                                                                                                                                                                | Returned for each Stamp from `registry/stamps`                                                                                                                                           |


#### Credentials

A `credential` is a struct returned in the Stamp object. It has its own sub-fields as follows:

| Value               | Type              | Description                                                                                                                                                                      | How to use                                                                                                                                                            |
| ------------------- | ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `type`              | `string`          | A descriptor that shows what type of credential is present                                                                                                                       | Can be used to check that the returned data is of the expected structure for a given credential type. This is usually going to have the value `VerifiableCredential`. |
| `proof`             | `struct`          | A struct containing several fields comprising the proof that a certain action was taken, for example a signed auth token proving that an account was unlocked.                   | Used to verify ownership of a specific Stamp                                                                                                                          |
| `issuer`            | `hash`            | Each Stamp issuer has a specific identifying hash provided in this field.                                                                                                        | Used to identify a Stamp issuer                                                                                                                                       |
| `@context`          | `url`             | Link to the credential definition documentation                                                                                                                                  | Can be used to access reference documentation for the credential type                                                                                                 |
| `issuanceDate`      | `datetime string` | The date and time that the Stamp was minted. For example, `"2023-04-28T09:35:49.159Z"`                                                                                           | Can be used to check the age of a Stamp                                                                                                                               |
| `expirationDate`    | `datetime string` | The date and time the Stamp should expire. For example, `"2023-04-28T09:35:49.159Z"`                                                                                             | Can be used to automatically expire a Stamp                                                                                                                           |
| `credentialSubject` | `struct`          | Contains anonymized information about the user that the Stamp is issued to. This includes a unique ID, a hash, link to the data schema and the Stamp provider name in plaintext. | Can be used to connect Stamps to a user in a privacy preserving way                                                                                                   |

### Stamp metadata

| Value            | Type     | Description                                                                                                      | How to use                                                                                                                                                                   |
| ---------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `connectMessage` | `string` | Message displayed in the Passport scorer app alongside a button to trigger verification of a specific Stamp      | Mainly used in the Passport app, but could be used to provide appropriate message for verification in other contexts                                                         |
| `description`    | `string` | Short description of what a specific Stamp demonstrates. For example, ownership of >0.5 ETH                      | Returned in Stamp metadata, can be used to understand a specific Stamp                                                                                                       |
| `groups`         | `string` | Identifier for top-level groupings of Stamps for a given provider                                                | Each provider may issue many Stamps which can be grouped together by theme, for example the Gitcoin Provider groups Stamps by `Self GTC-staking` and `Community GTC-staking` |
| `hash`           | `string` | A unique hash representing a specific instance of a credential                                                   | Used to prevent the same Stamp being used multiple times in a specific Scorer instance                                                                                       |
| `icon`           | `string` | A URL for an image to represent each Stamp provider                                                              | Returned in Stamp metadata, can be used to load an icon for a Stamp provider                                                                                                 |
| `id`             | `string` | An identifier for a Stamp                                                                                        | Returned in Stamp metadata, can be used to scrape data for a specific Stamp                                                                                                  |
| `name`           | `string` | Name of the provider issuing a given Stamp                                                                       | Returned as part of the Stamp metadata, can be used to scrape information for specific providers                                                                             |
| `stamps`         | `array`  | Array containing Stamp structs for each individual Stamp. Each Stamp has `name`, `description` and `hash` fields | Included in Stamp metadata. Used to identify specific instances of individual Stamps                                                                                         |

### GTC staking 

| Value                | Type     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| -------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `users`              | `array`  | Contains the specified address's staking data, including a `stakes` object that contains data on how much and when a user staked GTC on themselves, and the `xstakeAggregate`, which contains data on how much a user has staked on other community members and when.     |
| `stakes`             | `array`  | Contains one or multiple `stake` objects, which includes data on how much GTC the specified user has staked on themselves. This array will include a different object for each round the user had staked any GTC on themselves.                                           |
| `stake`              | `string` | Represents the number of GTC the user has staked on themselves in a specified round.                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| `round`              | `object` | Contains the ID of the round in which the associated `stake` amount was staked.                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `id`                 | `number` | Represents the round in which the associated `stake` amount was staked.                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `xstakeAggregates`   | `array`  | Contains one or multiple `stake` objects, which includes data on how much GTC the specified user has staked on themselves. This array will include a different object for each round the user had staked any GTC on themselves.                                           |
| `total`              | `string` | Represents the total number of GTC the user staked on community members in a specified round.                                                                                                                                                                             |


### Other data

| Value       | Type     | Description                                                                                                                    | How to use                                                                                                                                                             |
| ----------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `API-Key`   | `string` | An authorization token generated by the Scorer app giving you access to a Scorer instance on the Gitcoin server.               | Include this API key as part of your request headers.                                                                                                                  |
| `nonce`     | `int`    | A transaction counter for an address that is used in signing to prevent certain types of attack                                | This is an optional field that can be provided to `submit-passport` for additional verification. Today access to Scorers is controlled using API keys only by default. |
| `scorer_id` | `string` | Scorers are instantiated with unique IDs known as `scorer_id`s.                                                                | Create a Scorer in the Scorer app to receive a `scorer_id`. Then this value links your API requests to a specific Scorer instance matching your API key                |
| `signature` | `string` | Some workflows require a Scorer owner to demonstrate their ownership by signing a message with the Scorer owner's private key. | This is an optional field that can be provided to `submit-passport` for additional verification. Today access to Scorers is controlled using API keys only by default. |
