---
description: >-
  A table for looking up definitions of data types used in the Gitcoin Passport
  stack
---

# Data dictionary

On this page you will find definitions and explanations for the data types used in the Gitcoin Passport stack. The `Scorer`, `Stamp` , `Credential` and `Stamp-metadata` objects require the most explanation so they are handled separately here. Other types found across the Passport stack are defined in "Other data".&#x20;

### The Scorer object

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Value</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th><th>How to use</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>address</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The <code>string</code> of 20 bytes that uniquely identify an Ethereum account</td><td>Identifies a specific account to be scored</td></tr><tr><td><code>score</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The <code>registry/score</code> endpoint returns a <code>string</code> that should be parsed as a <code>float</code>. It represents the result of adding the weights of all a user's Stamps.</td><td>Returned from <code>registry/score</code>. Can be used to gate access to content.</td></tr><tr><td><code>status</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Shows whether a server request is <code>PROCESSING</code> or <code>DONE</code>. </td><td>Included in responses from <code>registry/score</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>last_score_timestamp</code></td><td><code>datetime string</code></td><td>Shows the date and time of the previous request made to the Scorer instance. <br>For example, <code>"2023-04-28T09:35:49.159Z"</code></td><td>Returned by the <code>registry/score</code> and <code>registry/submit-passport</code> endpoint</td></tr><tr><td><code>evidence</code></td><td><code>struct</code></td><td>When the <a href="https://docs.passport.gitcoin.co/building-with-passport/scorer-api/api-access#types-of-scorers">binary Scorer</a> is selected, this field is used to explain why the return value was 0 or 1. Specifically, the returned data shows the threshold score required to return 1, and the actual score the Passport received. The current score threshold for a passing score is 20. </td><td>You can use this to check the reasoning behind a binary Passport score, and understand why a Passport was decided to be Sybil (0) or non-Sybil (1).</td></tr><tr><td><code>error</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Describes any error returned by the server. Refer to the API <a href="../scorer-api/status-and-error-codes.md">status and error codes page</a> for more information.</td><td>Used to understand why a request failed.</td></tr></tbody></table>



### The Stamp object

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Value</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th><th>How to use</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>credential</code></td><td><code>struct</code></td><td>Message displayed in the Passport Scorer app alongside a button to trigger verification of a specific Stamp<br><br>See <a href="data-dictionary.md#credentials">Credentials</a> table below for more details.</td><td>This is what a Stamp actually comprises. It is associated with an Ethereum address.</td></tr><tr><td><code>items</code></td><td><code>array&#x3C;stamp></code></td><td>An array containing data for each individual Stamp.</td><td>Each object in this array represents a specific Stamp.</td></tr><tr><td><code>metadata</code></td><td><code>struct</code></td><td>Metadata is a struct containing <code>id</code>, <code>icon</code>, <code>name</code>, <code>description</code>, and <code>connectMessage</code> fields for each provider and then more granular data for each of the provider's Stamps</td><td>Returned from the <code>registry/stamps</code> endpoint if the qualifier <code>include-metadata=true</code> is also passed. Returned from <code>registry/stamp-metadata</code> for all Stamps</td></tr><tr><td><code>next</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>A pointer to the next page of returned data, if the returned data has been paginated.</td><td>You can use this is a request to access a page and the subsequent page of results for a paginated response. If the value is <code>null</code> you are already seeing all the available information.</td></tr><tr><td><code>prev</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>A pointer to the preceding page of returned data, if the returned data has been paginated.</td><td>You can use this is a request to access a page and the previous page of results for a paginated response. If the value is <code>null</code> you are already seeing all the available information.</td></tr><tr><td><code>version</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>A version identifier for a Stamp</td><td>Returned for each Stamp from <code>registry/stamps</code></td></tr></tbody></table>



#### Credentials

A `credential` is a struct returned in the Stamp object. It has its own sub-fields as follows:

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Value</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th><th>How to use</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>type</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>A descriptor that shows what type of credential is present</td><td>Can be used to check that the returned data is of the expected structure for a given credential type. This is usually going to have the value <code>VerifiableCredential</code>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>proof</code></td><td><code>struct</code></td><td>A struct containing several fields comprising the proof that a certain action was taken, for example a signed auth token proving that an account was unlocked.</td><td>Used to verify ownership of a specific Stamp</td></tr><tr><td><code>issuer</code></td><td><code>hash</code></td><td>Each Stamp issuer has a specific identifying hash provided in this field.</td><td>Used to identify a Stamp issuer</td></tr><tr><td><code>@context</code></td><td><code>url</code></td><td>Link to the credential definition documentation</td><td>Can be used to access reference documentation for the credential type</td></tr><tr><td><code>issuanceDate</code></td><td><code>datetime string</code></td><td>The date and time that the Stamp was minted. For example,<br><code>"2023-04-28T09:35:49.159Z"</code></td><td>Can be used to check the age of a Stamp</td></tr><tr><td><code>expirationDate</code></td><td><code>datetime string</code></td><td>The date and time the Stamp should expire. For example,<br><code>"2023-04-28T09:35:49.159Z"</code></td><td>Can be used to automatically expire a Stamp</td></tr><tr><td><code>credentialSubject</code></td><td><code>struct</code></td><td>Contains anonymized information about the user that the Stamp is issued to. This includes a unique ID, a hash, link to the data schema and the Stamp provider name in plaintext.</td><td>Can be used to connect Stamps to a user in a privacy preserving way</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Stamp metadata

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Value</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th><th>How to use</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>connectMessage</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Message displayed in the Passport scorer app alongside a button to trigger verification of a specific Stamp</td><td>Mainly used in the Passport app, but could be used to provide appropriate message for verification in other contexts</td></tr><tr><td><code>description</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Short description of what a specific Stamp demonstrates. For example, ownership of >0.5 ETH</td><td>Returned in Stamp metadata, can be used to understand a specific Stamp</td></tr><tr><td><code>groups</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Identifier for top-level groupings of Stamps for a given provider</td><td>Each provider may issue many Stamps which can be grouped together by theme, for example the Gitcoin Provider groups Stamps by <code>Self GTC-staking</code> and <code>Community GTC-staking</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>hash</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>A unique hash representing a specific instance of a credential</td><td>Used to prevent the same Stamp being used multiple times in a specific Scorer instance</td></tr><tr><td><code>icon</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>A URL for an image to represent each Stamp provider</td><td>Returned in Stamp metadata, can be used to load an icon for a Stamp provider</td></tr><tr><td><code>id</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>An identifier for a Stamp</td><td>Returned in Stamp metadata, can be used to scrape data for a specific Stamp</td></tr><tr><td><code>name</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Name of the provider issuing a given Stamp</td><td>Returned as part of the Stamp metadata, can be used to scrape information for specific providers</td></tr><tr><td><code>stamps</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>Array containing Stamp structs for each individual Stamp. Each Stamp has <code>name</code>, <code>description</code> and <code>hash</code> fields</td><td>Included in Stamp metadata. Used to identify specific instances of individual Stamps</td></tr></tbody></table>



### Other data

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="175">Value</th><th width="105">Type</th><th>Description</th><th>How to use</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>API-Key</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>An authorization token generated by the Scorer app giving you access to a Scorer instance on the Gitcoin server.</td><td>Include this API key as part of your request headers.</td></tr><tr><td><code>nonce</code></td><td><code>int</code></td><td>A transaction counter for an address that is used in signing to prevent certain types of attack</td><td>This is an optional field that can be provided to <code>submit-passport</code> for additional verification. Today access to Scorers is controlled using API keys only by default.</td></tr><tr><td><code>scorer_id</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Scorers are instantiated with unique IDs known as <code>scorer_id</code>s.</td><td>Create a Scorer in the Scorer app to receive a <code>scorer_id</code>. Then this value links your API requests to a specific Scorer instance matching your API key</td></tr><tr><td><code>signature</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Some workflows require a Scorer owner to demonstrate their ownership by signing a message with the Scorer owner's private key.</td><td>This is an optional field that can be provided to <code>submit-passport</code> for additional verification. Today access to Scorers is controlled using API keys only by default.</td></tr></tbody></table>

