pages/building-with-passport/models/api-reference.mdx, before:

---
title: Models API reference
description: Reference documentation for the Models API.
---

# Models API Reference

The Models API enables developers to retrieve different [model-based unique humanity scores](available-models) in real-time, enabling you to score any EVM wallet address without requiring the users to create and build up a Passport score. 

Need a batch or more in-depth Sybil classification and clustering analysis? Learn more about our [Data Services](/building-with-passport/data-services). 

You can also experiment with the Models API using our [API playground tool](https://api.passport.xyz/v2/docs) and adding your API keys via the 'Authorize' button.


## Rate Limits

|Tier |Rate limit |
|--|--|
|Tier 1 | *[DEFAULT]* 15 requests per 15 minutes |
|Tier 2 | 350 requests per 15 minutes |
|Tier 3 | 2000 requests per 15 minutes |

These rate limits are completely separate from the existing Stamps API rate limits.

If you'd like to request elevated rate limits, please fill out our [rate limit elevation form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe5B7zXTUQUt_aWdqTiUhjAhz56pS49Q8meuzLSgGxYTZRwAw/viewform).


## Retrieve Model scores

Use this endpoint to request a model-based score for a specified user. You can find all of the available models and recommended score thresholds via our [available models](available-models) page.

* **Endpoint:** `GET /v2/models/score/{address}`
* **Base URL:** `https://api.passport.xyz`
* **Authentication:** API Key – Can be the same [API Key](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/getting-access) that is used with the Stamps API

### Parameters

|Parameter |Type |Description |
|--|--|--|
|`address` |Path parameter| *[Required]* Pass a single EVM wallet address. |
|`model`  |Query parameter | Include one of the following [available models](available-models) to request that model's score for the specified wallet address: <br />`aggregate`, `ethereum_activity`, `nft`, `arbitrum`, `base`, `optimism`, `polygon`, and `zksync`<br /><br />If you don't include this parameter, the API will return the `aggregate` model by default. |


### Default example

#### Request

```bash
curl --request GET \
    --url 'https://api.passport.xyz/v2/models/score/{address}?model=aggregate' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --header 'X-API-KEY: {API KEY}'
    ```

#### Response

```json
{
    "address": "string",
    "details": {
        "models": {
            "aggregate": {
                "score": 50 
            }
        } 
    }
}
```


### Arbitrum model example

#### Request

```bash
curl --request GET \
    --url 'https://api.passport.xyz/v2/models/score/{address}?model=arbitrum' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --header 'X-API-KEY: {API KEY}'
    ```

#### Response

```json
{
    "address": "string",
    "details": {
        "models": {
            "arbitrum": {
                "score": 50 
            }
        } 
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Add note about -1 score value for models API

pages/building-with-passport/models/api-reference.mdx, after:

---
title: Models API reference
description: Reference documentation for the Models API.
---

# Models API Reference

The Models API enables developers to retrieve different [model-based unique humanity scores](available-models) in real-time, enabling you to score any EVM wallet address without requiring the users to create and build up a Passport score. 

Need a batch or more in-depth Sybil classification and clustering analysis? Learn more about our [Data Services](/building-with-passport/data-services). 

You can also experiment with the Models API using our [API playground tool](https://api.passport.xyz/v2/docs) and adding your API keys via the 'Authorize' button.


## Rate Limits

|Tier |Rate limit |
|--|--|
|Tier 1 | *[DEFAULT]* 15 requests per 15 minutes |
|Tier 2 | 350 requests per 15 minutes |
|Tier 3 | 2000 requests per 15 minutes |

These rate limits are completely separate from the existing Stamps API rate limits.

If you'd like to request elevated rate limits, please fill out our [rate limit elevation form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe5B7zXTUQUt_aWdqTiUhjAhz56pS49Q8meuzLSgGxYTZRwAw/viewform).


## Retrieve Model scores

Use this endpoint to request a model-based score for a specified user. You can find all of the available models and recommended score thresholds via our [available models](available-models) page.

* **Endpoint:** `GET /v2/models/score/{address}`
* **Base URL:** `https://api.passport.xyz`
* **Authentication:** API Key – Can be the same [API Key](/building-with-passport/stamps/passport-api/getting-access) that is used with the Stamps API

### Parameters

|Parameter |Type |Description |
|--|--|--|
|`address` |Path parameter| *[Required]* Pass a single EVM wallet address. |
|`model`  |Query parameter | Include one of the following [available models](available-models) to request that model's score for the specified wallet address: <br />`aggregate`, `ethereum_activity`, `nft`, `arbitrum`, `base`, `optimism`, `polygon`, and `zksync`<br /><br />If you don't include this parameter, the API will return the `aggregate` model by default. |


### Score Range and Methodology

The Models API returns scores in the range of -1 to 100:

- **-1**: Indicates insufficient data available to generate a score
- **0-100**: Represents the score range where:
  - Lower scores indicate higher likelihood of being a Sybil account
  - Higher scores indicate higher likelihood of being a legitimate human account
  - The exact interpretation of scores depends on the [specific model](available-models) being used

Scores are calculated based on various on-chain and off-chain data points specific to each model. The aggregate model combines multiple model scores to provide a comprehensive assessment.

### Default example

#### Request

```bash
curl --request GET \
    --url 'https://api.passport.xyz/v2/models/score/{address}?model=aggregate' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --header 'X-API-KEY: {API KEY}'
    ```

#### Response

```json
{
    "address": "string",
    "details": {
        "models": {
            "aggregate": {
                "score": 50 
            }
        } 
    }
}
```


### Arbitrum model example

#### Request

```bash
curl --request GET \
    --url 'https://api.passport.xyz/v2/models/score/{address}?model=arbitrum' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --header 'X-API-KEY: {API KEY}'
    ```

#### Response

```json
{
    "address": "string",
    "details": {
        "models": {
            "arbitrum": {
                "score": 50 
            }
        } 
    }
}
```
