extras/getting-involved.md, before:

---
description: Help get involved in the Passport project
---

# Getting involved

## Identity Providers

If you're an identity provider and want to integrate with the Gitcoin Passport check out the documentation for Integrating a new stamp into the Passport.

{% content-ref url="../gitcoin-passport-sdk/integrating-a-new-stamp.md" %}
[integrating-a-new-stamp.md](../gitcoin-passport-sdk/integrating-a-new-stamp.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

## Scoring Providers

If you're interested in helping establish scoring mechanisms for passports or building mechanisms that help apps and communities to build strong sybil resistance we'd love to hear from you.

It's our hope that there are many scoring mechanisms built on top of the base Passport data and that communities can tailor their needs accordingly.

Check out the documentation on Passport scoring in our SDK to get started

{% embed url="https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport-sdk/tree/main/packages/scorer" %}

## App Builders

If you have an app that has integrated the Passport let us know! We're happy to offer support and would love to hear about your experience building with the SDK

Come find us on Discord [https://gitcoin.co/discord](https://gitcoin.co/discord)



If you're just getting started, check out the documentation for integrating the passport into your App

{% content-ref url="../gitcoin-passport-sdk/integrating-passport-in-your-dapp.md" %}
[integrating-passport-in-your-dapp.md](../gitcoin-passport-sdk/integrating-passport-in-your-dapp.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

Commit message:

GitBook: [#14] Minor changes to make code snippets make more sense

extras/getting-involved.md, after:

---
description: Engage with Passport to help make decentralized identity a public good!
---

# Getting involved

## Identity Providers

If you're an identity provider and want to integrate with the Gitcoin Passport check out the documentation for Integrating a new stamp into the Passport.

{% content-ref url="../gitcoin-passport-sdk/integrating-a-new-stamp.md" %}
[integrating-a-new-stamp.md](../gitcoin-passport-sdk/integrating-a-new-stamp.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

## Scoring Providers

If you're interested in helping establish scoring mechanisms for passports or building mechanisms that help apps and communities to build strong sybil resistance we'd love to hear from you.

It's our hope that there are many scoring mechanisms built on top of the base Passport data and that communities can tailor their needs accordingly.

Check out the documentation on Passport scoring in our SDK to get started

{% embed url="https://github.com/gitcoinco/passport-sdk/tree/main/packages/scorer" %}

## App Builders

If you have an app that has integrated the Passport let us know! We're happy to offer support and would love to hear about your experience building with the SDK

Come find us on Discord [https://gitcoin.co/discord](https://gitcoin.co/discord)



If you're just getting started, check out the documentation for integrating the passport into your App

{% content-ref url="../gitcoin-passport-sdk/integrating-passport-in-your-dapp.md" %}
[integrating-passport-in-your-dapp.md](../gitcoin-passport-sdk/integrating-passport-in-your-dapp.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}
